{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil Calibri;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Andada;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Open Sans;}{\f4\fnil\fcharset0 Open Sans SemiBold;}{\f5\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\colortbl ;\red102\green0\blue0;\red252\green229\blue205;\red0\green255\blue255;\red153\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;\red217\green217\blue217;\red176\green132\blue0;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.18362}{\*\mmathPr\mdispDef1\mwrapIndent1440 }\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9 Fester Gnaw horrible black fured beaver like demons that the take pleasure in destruction by warping and be fouling the landscape through deforestation and blocking water ways.\par
\b Destroyers of towns.\b0\par
Group of Fester Gnaw managed to find their way to the mortal plane they are not as destructive as many of their other demon kin but form a more insidious plan to spread chaos , they will quickly find a town with a riverbank or other such water source,  they will then begin ravaging the land cutting down trees and all other plant life several miles upriver unbeknownst to the town, eventually they will they have harvested eough to construct a log, which they will either use to close a river to cause famine in the town downstream, or worse yet befouled the water causing corruption and sickness to spread downstream.\par
\b Terror of Druids\b0\par
Fester Gnaw also adept at dealing with druid galds and many of the creatures that deffend them, many cultist will summon Fester Gnaw to deal with durid conclaves that would be a threat to their grander schemes especially if such places are guarded by treeents and's dryad or other such creatures.\par
\b Damnation\par
\b0 Fester Gnaw dams are places of horrendous evil, they are comprised of the corrupted wood would harvested from the surrounding area as well the bodies and bones of any creatures that attempted to stop there construction of their dams, in the center of the damn is usually an altar, the most potent of these altars are made with the remains of a treent or other such sacred forest beings, which can come to life to defend the dam if it is under attack, these effigies also may be used as a source of power to corrupt the waters that flow through the dam.\par
\b REGIONAL EFFECTS \b0\par
Fester Gnaw managed to successfully construct a dame with an altar, any water that flows through the dam has the following effects for or a day or after travels 10 miles downstream.\par

\pard{\pntext\f5\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf5\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 The water keeps creatures from properly healing and become more susceptible to sickness, any none demon or undead that is submerged in the water has disadvantage on Constitution saving throws in medicine checks used on it have disadvantage as well creautre healed while in water only heal for half health.\f1\par
{\pntext\f5\'B7\tab}\f0 Creatures that consume the water from the stream must make a dc 14 Constitution saving throw or become diseased, until the disease is cured. Every 24 hours that elapse, the target must repeat the saving throw, reducing its hit point maximum by 3 (1d6) on a failure. The disease is cured on a success. The target dies if the disease reduces its hit point maximum to 0. This reduction to the target's hit point maximum lasts until the disease is cured. If a creature succeeds they are immune to the effects for the next 24 hours.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\fs24\lang1033 LAIR ACTIONS \b0\par
When fighting inside Dam, any \fs22\lang9 Fester Gnaw  \fs24\lang1033 can invoke the ambient magic to take lair actions. On initiative count 20 (losing initiative ties), the any \fs22\lang9 Fester Gnaw \fs24\lang1033 can take one lair action to cause one of the following effects: \par
\f1\bullet\f0  An area that is a 5-foot cube within 60 feet of a Fester Gnaw croupted wooden spikes spring up. until initiative count 20 on the next round, the area is difficult terrain ccreatures that enter the area for the first time on a turn or starts its turn there take 3d4 pricing damaga, if the creautre is not a deomon, it gains a wounded as though they were bitten by a Fester Gnaw (this does not deal damaga). \par
\f1\bullet  \f0 a point with in the layer\f1  sprout\f0 s\f1  \f0 a wood wall logs that is is 6 inches thick and is composed 20-foot-by-10-foot panel If the wall cuts through a creature's space when it appears, the creature is pushed to one side of the wall (Fester Gnaw's choice). panel has AC 12 and 20 Hit Points and is vulnerabe to Fire damga and immune to psyci damga.\f1\par
\bullet  A \f0 demonic enregy spews out agitating crupptecd wounds, choose a creature with in 6\f1 0 feet \f0 of a Fester Gnaw\f1 . \f0\fs22\lang9 takes it takes 3(1d6) necrotic damage for each time it has been wouned by a Fester Gnaw\f1\fs24\lang1033 . \f0\par
\trowd\trgaph100\trleft-72\trrh645\trpaddl100\trpaddr100\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat5\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw36\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw36\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw16\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw36\brdrs\brdrcf4 \cellx6917 
\pard\intbl\keep\keepn\sl240\slmult1\cf1\highlight2\f2\fs36\lang9 Fester Gnaw\b\par
\i\f3\fs18 Large fiend (demon), chaotic evil \cf0\highlight0\b0\i0\f0\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph100\trleft-72\trrh735\trpaddl100\trpaddr100\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat5\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw36\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw36\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw16\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw36\brdrs\brdrcf4 \cellx6917 
\pard\intbl\sl276\slmult1\cf1\b\f3\fs20 Armor Class \b0 15 (Natural Armor) \par
\b Hit Points \b0  93 (10d10+30)\par
\b Speed \b0 30ft. Swim 30 ft\cf0\f0\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph56\trrh400\trpaddl56\trpaddr56\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat5\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw36\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw36\brdrs\brdrcf4\clbrdrb\brdrw36\brdrs\brdrcf4 \cellx1152\clcfpat5\clcbpat2\clbrdrt\brdrw24\brdrs\brdrcf4\clbrdrb\brdrw16\brdrs \cellx2304\clcfpat5\clcbpat2\clbrdrt\brdrw16\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw16\brdrs \cellx3456\clcfpat5\clcbpat2\clbrdrt\brdrw16\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw16\brdrs \cellx4608\clcfpat5\clcbpat2\clbrdrt\brdrw24\brdrs\brdrcf4\clbrdrb\brdrw16\brdrs \cellx5760\clcfpat5\clcbpat2\clbrdrt\brdrw24\brdrs\brdrcf4\clbrdrr\brdrw36\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw16\brdrs \cellx7784 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\qc\cf1\b\f3\fs20 STR\par
\b0 16 (+3)\cf0\f0\fs22\cell\cf1\b\f3\fs20 DEX\par
\b0 12 (+2)\cf0\f0\fs22\cell\cf1\b\f3\fs20 CON\par
\b0 16 (+3)\cf0\f0\fs22\cell\cf1\b\f3\fs20 INT\par
\b0 10 (0)\cf0\f0\fs22\cell\cf1\b\f3\fs20 WIS\par
\b0 14 (+2)\cf0\f0\fs22\cell\cf1\b\f3\fs20 CHA\par
\b0 10 (0)\cf0\f0\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph100\trrh1248\trpaddl100\trpaddr100\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat5\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw36\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw36\brdrs\brdrcf4\clbrdrr\brdrw16\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw36\brdrs\brdrcf4 \cellx8759 
\pard\intbl\sl276\slmult1\cf1\b\f3\fs20 Saving Throws  \b0 STR + 6 Con + 6\par
\b Damage Resistances Cold, \b0 Fire, Lightning; Bludgeoning, Piercing, and Slashing from Nonmagical Attacks\par
\b Damage Immunities \b0 Poison\b\par
Condition Immunities \b0 Poisoned\b\par
Senses \b0 Darkvision 120 ft., Passive Perception 12\par
\b Languages \b0 Abyssal, Telepathy 120 ft.\b\par
Challenge \b0 4 (2,300 XP)\b\par
Proficiency Bonus \b0 +3\par
\cf0\f0\fs22\par
\b Magic Resistance. \b0 The Fester Gnaw has advantage on saving throws against spells and other magical effects\par
\par
Wood cutter - Fester Gnaw  \cf1\highlight2\f2 attacks have attavtge and deal duble damga to any creature or object made of wood or other plant like matural.\cf0\highlight0\f0\cell\row\trowd\trgaph100\trrh455\trpaddl100\trpaddr100\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat5\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw36\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw36\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrr\brdrw16\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw36\brdrs\brdrcf6 \cellx8759 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\b\-\b0\cell\row\trowd\trgaph28\trrh360\trpaddl28\trpaddr28\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat5\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw36\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw36\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw16\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw36\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx8759 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\cf1\f4\fs28  \fs32 A\fs24 CTIONS\cf0\f0\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph100\trrh1146\trpaddl100\trpaddr100\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat5\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw36\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw36\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrr\brdrw16\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw36\brdrs\brdrcf6 \cellx8759 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\b Bite. \b0 Melee Weapon Attack: +6 to hit, reach 10 ft., one target. Hit:  20 (5d6 + 3) slashing damgae. If the target is a creature, it is wounded. At the start of each of the wounded creature\rquote s turns, it takes 3 (1d6) necrotic damage for each time it has been wouned by a Fester Gnaw , and it can then make a DC 15 Constitution saving throw, Ending the Effect of all such wounds on itself on a success. Alternatively, the wounded creature, or a creature within 5 feet of it, can use an action to make a DC 15 Wisdom (Medicine) check, Ending the Effect of such wounds on it on a success.\cell\row\trowd\trgaph100\trrh200\trpaddl100\trpaddr100\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat5\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw36\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw36\brdrs\brdrcf7\clbrdrr\brdrw16\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw36\brdrs\brdrcf7 \cellx8759 
\pard\intbl\sl276\slmult1\cell\row 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
\trowd\trgaph28\trrh360\trpaddl28\trpaddr28\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat5\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw36\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw36\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw16\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw36\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx8759 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\cf1\f4\fs28  \fs32 Speical\fs24  - Cut down Tree\cf0\f0\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph100\trrh1146\trpaddl100\trpaddr100\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat5\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw36\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw36\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrr\brdrw16\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw36\brdrs\brdrcf6 \cellx8759 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\cf1\highlight2\f2 one or more \cf0\highlight0\f0 Fester Gnaw  \cf1\highlight2\f2 can use there actions to cut down a tree over one or more turns, the tree falls and in line of the \cf0\highlight0\f0 Fester Gnaw \cf1\highlight2\f2 choice each creature in the line must make dexterty saving throw or take bludgeoning damage and be knocked prone and restaind under the tree. A creature can use there action to make dc Strength to move the tree free all the creatures restaind by it\cf0\highlight0\f0 . \par
\cf1\highlight2\f2\par
The number actions it takes for \cf0\highlight0\f0 Fester Gnaw \cf1\highlight2\f2 to cut the tree, The langth of the line, the damaga and the dc are depent on the size of the tree\cf0\highlight0\f0 .\par
\par
 small tree - one action: 1 foot wide 20 foot longe line: 4d6: dc 13:\par
\par
medum tree - two actions:  2 foot wide 40: foot longe line: 8d6: dc 15:\par
\par
large tree - three actions 3 foot wide 60 foot longe line, 12d6 dc 17\par
\cell\row\trowd\trgaph100\trrh200\trpaddl100\trpaddr100\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat5\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw36\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw36\brdrs\brdrcf7\clbrdrr\brdrw16\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw36\brdrs\brdrcf7 \cellx8759 
\pard\intbl\sl276\slmult1\cell\row 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
\par
}
 