{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Andada;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Open Sans;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Open Sans SemiBold;}}
{\colortbl ;\red102\green0\blue0;\red252\green229\blue205;\red0\green255\blue255;\red153\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;\red217\green217\blue217;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1\trowd\trgaph100\trrh560\trpaddl100\trpaddr100\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat5\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw36\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw36\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw16\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw36\brdrs\brdrcf4 \cellx6962 
\pard\intbl\keep\keepn\sl240\slmult1\f0\fs44\lang9 Kelpie\cf1\highlight2\b\f1\fs36\par
\i\f2\fs18 Large Fey, Chaotic Neutral\cf0\highlight0\b0\i0\f0\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph100\trrh750\trpaddl100\trpaddr100\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat5\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw36\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw36\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw16\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw36\brdrs\brdrcf4 \cellx6962 
\pard\intbl\sl276\slmult1\cf1\b\f2\fs20 Armor Class \b0 13\par
\b Hit Points \b0 78\b  \b0 (10d10+10)\par
\b Speed \b0 10ft. \b Swim\b0  60ft.\cf0\f0\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph56\trrh405\trpaddl56\trpaddr56\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat5\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw36\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw36\brdrs\brdrcf4\clbrdrb\brdrw36\brdrs\brdrcf4 \cellx1152\clcfpat5\clcbpat2\clbrdrt\brdrw24\brdrs\brdrcf4\clbrdrb\brdrw16\brdrs \cellx2304\clcfpat5\clcbpat2\clbrdrt\brdrw16\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw16\brdrs \cellx3456\clcfpat5\clcbpat2\clbrdrt\brdrw16\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw16\brdrs \cellx4608\clcfpat5\clcbpat2\clbrdrt\brdrw24\brdrs\brdrcf4\clbrdrb\brdrw16\brdrs \cellx5760\clcfpat5\clcbpat2\clbrdrt\brdrw24\brdrs\brdrcf4\clbrdrr\brdrw36\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw16\brdrs \cellx7016 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\qc\cf1\b\f2\fs20 STR\par
\b0 18 (+4)\cf0\f0\fs22\cell\cf1\b\f2\fs20 DEX\par
\b0 14 (+2)\cf0\f0\fs22\cell\cf1\b\f2\fs20 CON\par
\b0 13 (+1)\cf0\f0\fs22\cell\cf1\b\f2\fs20 INT\par
\b0 10 (0)\cf0\f0\fs22\cell\cf1\b\f2\fs20 WIS\par
\b0 14 (+2)\cf0\f0\fs22\cell\cf1\b\f2\fs20 CHA\par
\b0 16 (+3)\cf0\f0\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph100\trrh1605\trpaddl100\trpaddr100\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat5\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw36\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw36\brdrs\brdrcf4\clbrdrr\brdrw16\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw36\brdrs\brdrcf4 \cellx7057 
\pard\intbl\sl276\slmult1\cf1\b\f2\fs20 Saving Throws \b0 Wis +5, Cha +6\b\par
Skills\b0  Perception +6, Deception +6, Performance +6\par
\b Senses\b0  darkvision 90 ft., passive Perception 16\b\par
Languages - \b0 Aquan, Sylvan\par
\b Challenge \b0 5\b\par
\par
\cf0 Amphibious. \b0 The kelpie can breathe air and water.\cf1\b\par
\par

\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\cf0\f0\fs22 Charming Gaze. \b0 At the start of each of it's turns The kelpie choose  a creature that can see within 100ft of, the kelpie can force the creature to make a DC 15 Wisdom saving throw or become charmed and drop whatever its holding. A creature charmed this way is incapacitated and spends each turn moving towards the kelpie by the most direct route available in an attemp to pet it. It doesn't avoid opportunity attacks, but does not move into direct harm.\par
At the end of each of its turns, and each time it takes damage, the target can make another Wisdom saving throw. The target has advantage on the saving throw if it\rquote s triggered by damage. On a success it breaks free of the charm. The charm aslo ends if it uses it on another A that breaks free  is immune to this ability for the next 24 hours.\cf1\b\f2\fs20\par

\pard\intbl\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0\f0\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph100\trrh515\trpaddl100\trpaddr100\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat5\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw36\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw36\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrr\brdrw16\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw36\brdrs\brdrcf6 \cellx7057 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\b\-\b0\cell\row\trowd\trgaph28\trrh495\trpaddl28\trpaddr28\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat5\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw36\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw36\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw16\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw36\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx7057 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\cf1\f3\fs28  \fs32 A\fs24 CTIONS\cf0\f0\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph100\trrh960\trpaddl100\trpaddr100\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat5\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw36\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw36\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrr\brdrw16\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw36\brdrs\brdrcf6 \cellx7057 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1  \b Multiattack. \b0 The kelpie makes two attacks with its hooves.\par
\par
\b Hooves. \b0 Melee Weapon Attack: +7 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. Hit: 11 (2d6 + 4) bludgeoning damage.\par
\par
\b Suffocating Grasp\b0 . Each creature attached to the kelpie and submerged in water must make a Constitution saving throw DC 15. The creature takes 22 (4d10) necrotic damage and starts to suffocate if it can't breath water if on a failed save, and takes half as much damage and does not being suffocating on a successful save.\par
\par
\b\f2\fs20 Change Shape. \b0 The kelpie polymorphs into a large terrestrial beast, or back into its true form. Its statistics are the same in each form, except for the speed (60 ft.) Any equipment it is wearing or carrying isn't transformed. The kelpie reverts to its true form if it dies or is submerged in water.\par
\par
\b\fs44 Recation\b0\fs20\par
\par
\b Adhesive.  \b0 When a creautre hits the kelpie with a melee attack ot touches it, The Kelpie can have the creautre adheres to it. A Large or smaller creature adhered to the kelpie is also grappled by it (escape DC 15).\f0\fs22\cell\row 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
\trowd\trgaph100\trrh560\trpaddl100\trpaddr100\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat5\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw36\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw36\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw16\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw36\brdrs\brdrcf4 \cellx6962 
\pard\intbl\keep\keepn\sl240\slmult1\fs44 Tangie\cf1\highlight2\b\f1\fs36\par
\i\f2\fs18 Large Fey, Chaotic Neutral\cf0\highlight0\b0\i0\f0\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph100\trrh750\trpaddl100\trpaddr100\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat5\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw36\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw36\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw16\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw36\brdrs\brdrcf4 \cellx6962 
\pard\intbl\sl276\slmult1\cf1\b\f2\fs20 Armor Class \b0 14\par
\b Hit Points \b0 120\b  \b0 (16d10+32)\par
\b Speed \b0 60ft. \b Swim\b0  60ft.\cf0\f0\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph56\trrh420\trpaddl56\trpaddr56\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat5\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw36\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw36\brdrs\brdrcf4\clbrdrb\brdrw36\brdrs\brdrcf4 \cellx1152\clcfpat5\clcbpat2\clbrdrt\brdrw24\brdrs\brdrcf4\clbrdrb\brdrw16\brdrs \cellx2304\clcfpat5\clcbpat2\clbrdrt\brdrw16\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw16\brdrs \cellx3456\clcfpat5\clcbpat2\clbrdrt\brdrw16\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw16\brdrs \cellx4608\clcfpat5\clcbpat2\clbrdrt\brdrw24\brdrs\brdrcf4\clbrdrb\brdrw16\brdrs \cellx5760\clcfpat5\clcbpat2\clbrdrt\brdrw24\brdrs\brdrcf4\clbrdrr\brdrw36\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw16\brdrs \cellx7016 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\qc\cf1\b\f2\fs20 STR\par
\b0 20 (+5)\cf0\f0\fs22\cell\cf1\b\f2\fs20 DEX\par
\b0 16 (+3)\cf0\f0\fs22\cell\cf1\b\f2\fs20 CON\par
\b0 14 (+2)\cf0\f0\fs22\cell\cf1\b\f2\fs20 INT\par
\b0 12 (+1)\cf0\f0\fs22\cell\cf1\b\f2\fs20 WIS\par
\b0 16 (+3)\cf0\f0\fs22\cell\cf1\b\f2\fs20 CHA\par
\b0 20 (+5)\cf0\f0\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph100\trrh1605\trpaddl100\trpaddr100\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat5\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw36\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw36\brdrs\brdrcf4\clbrdrr\brdrw16\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw36\brdrs\brdrcf4 \cellx7057 
\pard\intbl\sl276\slmult1\cf1\b\f2\fs20 Saving Throws \b0 Wis +6, Cha +8, Int +4\b\par
Skills\b0  Perception +7, Deception +8, Performance +8\par
\b Senses\b0  darkvision 90 ft., passive Perception 17\b\par
Languages - \b0 Aquan, Sylvan\par
\b Challenge \b0 8  \b Proficiency Bonus \b0 +3\b\par
\par
\cf0 Amphibious. \b0 The kelpie can breathe air and water.\b\f0\fs22\par
\par
Adhesive. \b0 Anything touching the kelpie, adheres to it. A Large or smaller creature adhered to the kelpie is also grappled by it (escape DC 17). Ability checks made to escape this grapple have disadvantage.\b\par
\par
Charming Presence. \b0 When a creature that can see the kelpie starts it's turn within 100ft. and the two of them can see each other, the kelpie can force the creature to make a DC 17 Wisdom saving throw or become charmed and drop whatever its holding. A creature charmed this way is incapacitated and spends each turn moving towards the kelpie by the most direct route available in an attemp to pet it. It doesn't avoid opportunity attacks, but does not move into direct harm. If a target takes damage caused by the kelpie, the charm ends. A target that breaks free of the charm is immune to this ability for the next 24 hours. A creature that isn't surprised can avert its eyes to avoid the saving throw at the start of its turn. If it does so, it can't see the kelpie until the start of its next turn, when it can avert its eyes again. If it looks at the kelpie in the meantime, it must immediately make the save.\cell\row\trowd\trgaph100\trrh515\trpaddl100\trpaddr100\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat5\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw36\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw36\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrr\brdrw16\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw36\brdrs\brdrcf6 \cellx7057 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\b\-\b0\cell\row\trowd\trgaph28\trrh495\trpaddl28\trpaddr28\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat5\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw36\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw36\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw16\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw36\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx7057 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\cf1\f3\fs28  \fs32 A\fs24 CTIONS\cf0\f0\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph100\trrh960\trpaddl100\trpaddr100\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat5\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw36\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw36\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrr\brdrw16\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw36\brdrs\brdrcf6 \cellx7057 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1  \b Multiattack. \b0 The kelpie makes two attacks with its hooves.\par
\par
\b Hooves. \b0 Melee Weapon Attack: +8 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. Hit: 15 (3d6 + 5) bludgeoning damage.\par
\par
\b Suffocating Grasp\b0 . Each creature attached to the kelpie and submerged in water must make a Constitution saving throw DC 17. The creature takes 33(6d10) necrotic damage and starts to suffocate if it can't breath water if on a failed save, and takes half as much damage and does not being suffocating on a successful save.\par
\par
\b\f2\fs20 Change Shape. \b0 The kelpie polymorphs into a large terrestrial beast, or back into its true form. Its statistics are the same in each form Any equipment it is wearing or carrying isn't transformed. The kelpie reverts to its true form if it dies or is submerged in water..\f0\fs22\cell\row 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
}
 