{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff31507\deff0\stshfdbch31505\stshfloch31506\stshfhich31506\stshfbi31507\deflang1033\deflangfe1033\themelang1033\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f34\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02040503050406030204}Cambria Math;}
{\f37\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0302020204030204}Calibri Light;}
{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}
{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f44\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f45\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f47\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f48\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f49\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f50\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f51\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f52\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f384\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Cambria Math CE;}{\f385\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Cambria Math Cyr;}
{\f387\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Cambria Math Greek;}{\f388\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Cambria Math Tur;}{\f391\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Cambria Math Baltic;}{\f392\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Cambria Math (Vietnamese);}
{\f414\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\f415\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}{\f417\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\f418\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}
{\f419\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\f420\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}{\f421\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}{\f422\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}
{\flomajor\f31508\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flomajor\f31509\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flomajor\f31511\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\flomajor\f31512\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flomajor\f31513\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flomajor\f31514\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\flomajor\f31515\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flomajor\f31516\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbmajor\f31518\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fdbmajor\f31519\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbmajor\f31521\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbmajor\f31522\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fdbmajor\f31523\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbmajor\f31524\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbmajor\f31525\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fdbmajor\f31526\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhimajor\f31528\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri Light CE;}{\fhimajor\f31529\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Light Cyr;}
{\fhimajor\f31531\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Light Greek;}{\fhimajor\f31532\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Light Tur;}{\fhimajor\f31533\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri Light (Hebrew);}
{\fhimajor\f31534\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri Light (Arabic);}{\fhimajor\f31535\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Light Baltic;}{\fhimajor\f31536\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri Light (Vietnamese);}
{\fbimajor\f31538\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fbimajor\f31539\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fbimajor\f31541\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\fbimajor\f31542\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fbimajor\f31543\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fbimajor\f31544\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\fbimajor\f31545\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fbimajor\f31546\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\flominor\f31548\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\flominor\f31549\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flominor\f31551\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flominor\f31552\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\flominor\f31553\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flominor\f31554\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flominor\f31555\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\flominor\f31556\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbminor\f31558\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbminor\f31559\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fdbminor\f31561\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbminor\f31562\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbminor\f31563\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fdbminor\f31564\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbminor\f31565\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbminor\f31566\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fhiminor\f31568\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\fhiminor\f31569\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}{\fhiminor\f31571\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\fhiminor\f31572\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}
{\fhiminor\f31573\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\fhiminor\f31574\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}{\fhiminor\f31575\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}
{\fhiminor\f31576\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\fbiminor\f31578\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fbiminor\f31579\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fbiminor\f31581\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbiminor\f31582\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fbiminor\f31583\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fbiminor\f31584\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbiminor\f31585\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fbiminor\f31586\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;}{\*\defchp \fs22\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505 }{\*\defpap 
\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 
\af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 \sqformat \spriority0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden \sunhideused \spriority1 Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\tblind0\tblindtype3\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext11 \ssemihidden \sunhideused 
Normal Table;}}{\*\revtbl {Unknown;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid9111497\rsid15091865}{\mmathPr\mmathFont34\mbrkBin0\mbrkBinSub0\msmallFrac0\mdispDef1\mlMargin0\mrMargin0\mdefJc1\mwrapIndent1440\mintLim0\mnaryLim1}{\info{\operator Hank Snouwaert}{\creatim\yr2021\mo3\dy7\hr14\min44}
{\revtim\yr2021\mo3\dy7\hr14\min44}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages188}{\nofwords39771}{\nofchars226698}{\nofcharsws265938}{\vern17}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\trackmoves0\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont0\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata1\grfdocevents0\validatexml0\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701
\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale100\rsidroot9111497 \fet0{\*\wgrffmtfilter 2450}\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid9111497 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9111497 \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 # Magic Item Crafting
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
An elven smith looks proudly over the newly completed sword as it lays amongst the remains of the various ingredients used forge it to her own custom design.  She raises out her hand and it flies into her grip, electricity dancing along its edge.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 A bloodi\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
ed, but determined dwarf, carefully skins a section of undamaged hide from a defeated dragon. The battle nearly cost him everything, but the enchanted scales will bring him a fortune. 
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 A human wizard searches through the musty tomes of a long forgotten li\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 brary until he finds it at last.  The designs for the fabled Robe of the Archmagi.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 The Magic Item Crafting System allows players to create magic items from the Dungeon Master Guide as well as their own custom creations using magical ingredients that are f\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
ound through adventuring.  These ingredients serve as an alternate form of treasure DMs can provide to their players.  Player characters with the appropriate tools proficiencies can craft items from the ingredients they find, or they can find NPCs with th
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 e\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  skills needed to craft the items they desire. Players with no intention of crafting can simply sell the ingredients they find.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ## Using The Crafting System
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 The Magic Item Crafting System is broken up into three main parts.  Parts 1 & 2 can be implemented\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
 independently of the other parts of this document, but Part 3 assumes Parts 1 & 2 are both being used.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 <b>Part 1</b> covers the ways in which you can add magical ingredients as a form of treasure into your games.  These are similar to gems and art object\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
s from the DMG, and can be used to create more flavorful and engaging treasure as players harvest and discover strange magical materials.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 <b>Part 2</b> is specific to DMs and includes revised Magic Item Tables as well as new magic items suitable for low l\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
evel characters.  These alternative Magic Item Tables sort magic items based on their perceived in game value rather the rarity listed in the DMG.  This creates a more consistent power scale in terms of the magic items players will receive as they level u
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 p.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
<b>Part 3</b> includes rules that allow players to convert harvested ingredients into magic items of their own design.  This is followed by a section listing all the available magic effects that can be incorporated into an item.
\par 
\par \\\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 pagebreakNum
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 # Part 1\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 : Magic Ingredients
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
Throughout their adventures, players acquire vast amounts of wealth.  Aside from magical items, this generally takes the form of gold and a handful of gems and random art objects.  This section details how players can acquire more uniqu
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 e wealth in the form of Magic Ingredients.  
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Magic Ingredients are items and materials players can find during their adventures that have a gp value they can be sold for, similar to the gems and art objects in the DMG, but also have properties that potent
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ially make them useful for crafting.  Magic Ingredients can come in many forms, from enchanted roses and hydra blood, to dragon hide and fiendish scrap metal.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Despite the fact that they are innately magical in nature, Magic Ingredients generally have litt\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
le to no use in their current state and are mostly useful for the gold they can fetch on the open market, or their use in crafting more functional magic items.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ## Ingredient Properties
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Whatever form they take, there are three general properties that deter\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 mine a Magic Ingredient's value and utility: Rarity, Material, and Energy.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ### Rarity
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Rarity determines the gp value of the Ingredient.  Rarer Ingredients are generally found in more dangerous settings and are worth more gp.  
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ##### Ingredient Rarity Values
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | Ingredient Rarity |  Value (gp)    | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:-----------------:|:-------------:|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  \{R\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 arity 1\}       |      5        |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  \{Rarity 2\}       |      10       | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  \{Rarity 3\}       |      50       |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  \{Rarity 4\}       |      100      |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  \{Rarity 5\}       |      500      |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  \{Rarity 6\}       |      1,000    |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  \{Rarity 7\}       |      5,000\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  \{Rarity 8\}       |      10,000   |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  \{Rarity 9\}       |      50,000   |
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ### Material
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Material describes what sort of physical substance makes up the majority of the Ingredient, such a metal, bone, or wood.  The material helps determines who is l\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
ikely to carry them and what sorts of creatures they can be harvested from.  
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 The material is also important for determining what sorts of items the Ingredient can be use to craft and what types of tool proficiencies are need to know how to work with the \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
Ingredient. For example, a magic sword will generally require metal to craft, and proficiency with Smith's Tools will be needed to know how to work the metal into the sword.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Bone
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Bone Ingredients include shells, coral, and carapaces from the creature\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
s with exoskeletons. It can most often be found through harvesting slain creatures.  In this document Woodcarver's Tools have been renamed Carver's Tools as those tools can also be used to carve bone into various types of items.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Cloth
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Cloth Ingredien\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
ts include any materials that can be used as a fabric, which includes animal products such as silks and furs.  The animal products can be harvest from the associated creatures, otherwise cloth is generally found in the possession of creatures that have us
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 e\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  for it.  Cloth is primarily useful to Weavers.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Essence
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
Essence Ingredients include ethereal substances, and it is often left behind by supernatural beings that are expelled from the material plane, especially incorporeal creatures. Due to its magical and incorporeal nature, it must be harvested in vials for l
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 a\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
ter use.  Though there isn't any type of craftsman that specifically needs Essence for their crafting, their formless nature means that they can be incorporated into nearly any type of craftable item.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Flesh
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Flesh includes any form of meat or organs a\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
nd is typically harvest from slain creatures.  Flesh can be used as an aid when crafting certain types of items, but is primarily useful for crafting consumable items and as such is sought after by those with Alchemist's Tools and Cook's Tools. Flesh gene
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 r\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ally needs to be preserved for long term storage to prevent rotting.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Fluid
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Fluid can include any form of liquid Ingredient from enchanted water to magical blood, and can be used as an aid in crafting many types of items.  Harvesting and storing it us\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
ually requires access to a vial or some other container that can hold liquid. 
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Gem
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Gems are often kept by creatures that understand their inherent value, and can be found in many treasure stashes.  They can be incorporated into most types of items an\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
d are primary type of Ingredient needed by Jewelers.
\par 
\par \\\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 pagebreakNum
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Hide
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Hides can be made into many types of wearable equipment and can be harvested from most types of beasts, dragons, and monstrosities.  It can also be found in the form a wearable \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
goods found on many types of humanoids. Hides are the primary type of Ingredient used by Leatherworkers.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Metal
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Metals are most often found in the form of weapons and gear.  While this equipment may be usable in its current state, it generally won't h\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
ave any magical functionality as is.  Crafters can break down this equipment to utilize it in the creation of magic items, and metals such as these serve as the primary material needed by Smiths.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Parchment
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Parchment includes other flexible materials \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
uses for writing and drawing such as canvas and paper.  Parchment rarely appears in the wild and is more often found in the possession of intelligent creatures and scattered through locations such as temples and libraries. Parchment is the primary materia
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 l\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  needed by Calligraphers, Cartographers, and Painters.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Plant
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Plants include most forms of fungus and vegetation other than carvable wood. Other than being harvested off of plant creatures, plants are usually found through foraging.  Plants have limit
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ed usage in the creation of weapons and gear, but are useful crafting consumable items.  As such they are useful for Alchemists, Chefs, and Herbalists. 
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Stone
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Stone includes any non-metal and non-gemstone minerals.  It can be harvested from stone bas\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
ed constructs and elementals and found in mountainous or subterranean environments.  Stone can be used as a component in many types of items, especially those created by  carvers.  Glassblowers can also turn stone into glass, making it the primary materia
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 l\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  needed for their crafting.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Wood
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
Wood includes all carvable, plant based material.  It can be harvest through foraging in wooded environments and found in the form of weapons and equipment.  While this equipment may be usable in its current state, it generally won't have any magical func
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 t\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ionality as is.  Crafters can break down this equipment to utilize it in the creation of magic items, and wood such as this serves as the primary material needed by Carvers.

\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ### Energy
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 All Magic Ingredients have some sort of magical property which is refe\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
rred to as that Ingredient's Energy.  There are different types of Energies which correspond to the different supernatural forces present in the world.  Ingredients found in close proximity to those forces are more likely to have its associated Energy.  F
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 o\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 r example, Ingredients found near a crossing to the Feywild are more likely to have Fey Energy.  
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 The Energy of an Ingredient dictates what sorts of magical effects it can add to the item it is being crafted into.  Different types of Energies allow access\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
 to different types of magical item effects. 
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Fire
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Fire Energy stems primarily from the Elemental Plane of Fire.  Ingredients with Fire Energy are most often found in locations bordering that plane, or any other that has abundant sources of flame, su
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ch as the Nine Hells. 
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 It can also be found in areas of intense heat such as near volcanos or in desserts. Ingredients carried by creatures that wield magical flames also tend to have Fire Energy.  
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Damage Types:** Fire, Radiant
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Resistances:**\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  Fire
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Stats:** Charisma, Strength
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Status Effects:** None
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Associated Magic Effects:**
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 <ul>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     <li> Fire and Heat Manipulation </li>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     <li> Inspiring Others:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506       <ul>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506         <li> Fear and Exhaustion Negation </li>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506         <li> Temporary\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  Hit Points </li>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506       </ul>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506      </li>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     <li> Item Creation </li>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     <li> Retribution Effects </li>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     <li> Energy Sources </li>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     <li> Pheonix-like Revivification </li>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 </ul> 
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Water
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
Water Energy stems primarily from the Elemental Plane of Water.  Ingredients with Water Energy are most often found in locations bordering that plane, or in other vast sources of water.  Ingredients harvested from deep sea creatures often have Water Energ
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 y\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  as well.  
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Damage Types:** Acid, Bludgeoning, Cold
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Resistances:** Acid, Cold
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Stats:** Dexterity, Intelligence
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Status Effects:** Grappled, Restrained
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Associated Magic Effects:**
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 <ul>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     <li> Aquatic Adaptation </li>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     <li> Wa\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ter Manipulation </li>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     <li> Healing </li>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     <li> Evasiveness </li>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     <li> Cold Based Effects </li>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     <li> Image Distortion </li>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     <li> Dehydration Effects </li>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 </ul> 
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Earth
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Earth Energy stems primarily from the Elemental Plane of E\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
arth.  Ingredients with Earth Energy are most often found in locations bordering that plane, or deep underground.  Ingredients harvested from subterranean creatures often have Earth Energy as well.  
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Damage Types:** Bludgeoning, Piercing, Slashing
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Resistances:** Acid, Bludgeoning, Lightning, Piercing, Poison, Slashing
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Stats:** Constitution, Strength
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Status Effects:** Petrified, Restrained, Prone, Stunned
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Associated Magic Effects:**
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 <ul>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     <li> Digging and Earth Manipulation </li>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     <li> AC Boosts </li>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     <li> Temporary Hit Points </li>    
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     <li> Shoving, Rooting, and Slowing Effects </li>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     <li> Gravity Manipulation </li>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     <li> Ignoring Difficult Terrain </li>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 </ul>\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par 
\par \\\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 pagebreakNum
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 <ul>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     <li> Creation of Items and Structures </li>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     <li> Drawing Attacks To Yourself and Resisting Them </li>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 </ul> 
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Air
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
Air Energy stems primarily from the Elemental Plane of Air.  Ingredients with Air Energy are most often found in locations bordering that plane, or locations at very high altitudes.  Ingredients harvested from aerial creatures often have Air Energy as wel
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 l\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 .  
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Damage Types:** Lightning, Slashing, Thunder
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Resistances:** Lightning, Thunder
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Stats:** Charisma, Dexterity
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Status Effects:** Deafened, Invisible, Restrained, Paralyzed, Prone
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Associated Magic Effects:**
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 <ul>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     <li> Wind M\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 anipulation </li>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     <li> Freedom of Movement Effects </li>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     <li> Flight </li>    
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     <li> Increased Speed </li>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     <li> Flying Objects </li>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     <li> Moving Other Creatures </li>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     <li> Evasiveness </li>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     <li> Making Items Lighter </li>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 </ul> 
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Fey
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
Air Energy stems primarily from the Feywild.  Ingredients with Fey Energy are most often found in locations bordering that plane, or locations at associated with races originally from the Feywild, such as elves and gnomes.  Ingredients foun
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 d from fey creatures often have Fey Energy as well.  
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Damage Types:** Poison
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Resistances:** None
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Stats:** Charisma, Dexterity
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Status Effects:** Charmed, Fear, Invisible, Poisoned, Sleep
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Associated Magic Effects:**
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 <ul>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     <li> Transmutation </li>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     <li> Illusions </li>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     <li> Light </li>    
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     <li> Emotional Manipulation </li>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     <li> Animal Manipulation and Transmutation </li>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     <li> Curses </li>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     <li> Evasiveness </\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 li>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     <li> Reflecting Attacks </li>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     <li> Defense Negation </li>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     <li> Bardic Abilities </li>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     <li> Anti-Construct Abilities </li>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     <li> Short Range Teleportation </li>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 </ul> 
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Shadow
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Shadow Energy stems primarily from the Shadowfel\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
l.  Ingredients with Shadow Energy are most often found in locations bordering that plane, or locations saturated with necrotic magic.  Ingredients found from undead often have Shadow Energy as well.  
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Damage Types:** Cold, Psychic, Necrotic
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Re\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 sistances:** Cold, Necrotic
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Stats:** Constitution
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Status Effects:** Exhaustion, Blinded, Deafened, Fear, Paralysis
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Associated Magic Effects:**
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 <ul>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     <li> Necromatic Magic </li>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     <li> Shadowfell Magic </li>    
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     <li> Darkness Effects </li>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     <li> Curses </li>    
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     <li> Vitality Draining and Healing Prevention </li>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     <li> Life Stealing </li>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     <li> Instant Kill Effects </li>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 </ul> 
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Celestial
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Celestia\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
l Energy stems from the divine planes that are the homes of gods. It can also be associated with actual celestial bodies such as stars. Ingredients with Celestial Energy are most often found in locations of divine significance.  Ingredients found from cel
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 e\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 stials often have Celestial Energy, and divine agents will often reward adventurers with Ingredients that have Celestial Energy.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Damage Types:** Lightning, Radiant
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Resistances:** Necrotic, Radiant
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Stats:** Strength, Wisdom
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Status Effect\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 s:** Blinded
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Associated Magic Effects:**
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 <ul>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     <li> Divine Aid (Good Aligned) </li>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     <li> Inspiring Others </li>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     <li> Healing </li>    
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     <li> Light </li>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     <li> Anti Fiend and Undead Effects </li>    
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     <li> Resurrection </li>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     <li> Negating Status Effects and Disadvantage </li>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     <li> Retribution Effects </li>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 </ul> 
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Fiendish
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Fiendish Energy stems from the divine planes that are the homes of fiends. Ingredients with Fiendish Energy are most often found in l\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
ocations that have felt heavy influence from fiends.  Ingredients found from fiends and those that consort with them will often have Fiendish Energy.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Damage Types:** Acid, Fire, Necrotic, Poison
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Resistances:** Fire, Poison
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Stats:** Constitu\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 tion, Strength
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Status Effects:** Exhaustion, Fear, Poisoned
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Associated Magic Effects:**
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 <ul>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     <li> Divine Aid (Evil Aligned) </li>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     <li> Diseases </li>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     <li> Wounding Effects </li>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     <li> Physical Enhancement </li>    
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     <li> Life \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Steal </li>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     <li> Healing Prevention </li>    
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     <li> Critical Strike Enhancement </li>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     <li> Retribution Effects </li>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 </ul> 
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Orderly
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
Orderly Energy stems from the divine planes of law. Ingredients with Orderly Energy are most often found in locations that are highly organized and sophisticated in their design, and often maintained with the aid of magic. Such locations are likely to inc
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 l\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ude wizard's sanctums, major metropolises, and artificial locations such as a clockwork fortress.
\par 
\par \\\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 pagebreakNum
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Ingredients found from constructs and planar beings with a lawful alignment will often have Orderly Energy.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Damage Types:** Force
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Resistances:** Force, Psychic, Radiant
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Stats:** Constitution, Wisdom
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Status Effects:** Restrained, Paralyzed
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Associated Magic Effects:**
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 <ul>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     <li> AC Boosts </li>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     <li> Shields and Barriers </li>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     <li> Animating Objects and Constr\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ucts </li>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     <li> Magical Security Effects </li>    
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     <li> Banishment </li>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     <li> Magical Contracts and Obligations </li>    
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     <li> Teamwork Effects </li>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     <li> Negating Advantage and Disadvantage </li>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     <li> Item Creation </li>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 </ul> 
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 __\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 _
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Chaotic
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
Chaotic Energy stems from the divine planes of chaos. Ingredients with Chaotic Energy are most often found in locations that have been warped and distorted. Such locations are likely to include ruins blasted apart by magical catastrophes and sites where l
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 a\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
rge amounts of magical experimentation has taken place.  Ingredients found from creatures warped by magical energies, planar beings with a chaotic alignment will often have Chaotic Energy.  Many aberrations are the result of magical mutations or have the 
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 a\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 bility to warp reality, and as such, can often be harvest for Chaotic Ingredients.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Damage Types:** Psychic
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Resistances:** None
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Stats:** Dexterity, Intelligence
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Status Effects:** Blinded, Deafened
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Associated Magic Effects:**
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 <ul>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     <li> Effects That Can Produce Multiple Damage Types </li>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     <li> Mutation </li>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     <li> Teleportation </li>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     <li> Time Manipulation </li>    
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     <li> Randomness </li>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     <li> Madness and Confusion </li>    
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     <li> Reflecting Attacks </li>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506   \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506   <li> Defense Negation </li>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     <li> Aberration Abilities </li>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     <li> Reality Distortion </li>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     <li> Gravity Manipulation </li>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 </ul> 
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Primeval
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
Primeval Energy stems from life and the natural world. Ingredients with Primeval Energy are most often found in wild locations with abundant life. Ingredients found from oversized beasts, plant creatures, those wielding druidic magic will often have Prime
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 v\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 al Energy. 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Damage Types:** Acid, Bludgeoning, Piercing, Poison, Slashing
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Resistances:** None
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Stats:** Constitution, Strength, Wisdom
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Status Effects:** Prone, Grappled
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Associated Magic Effects:**
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 <ul>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     <li> Healing </li>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 <li> Temporary Hit Points </li>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     <li> Curing Poison, Disease, and Exhaustion </li>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     <li> Plant and Animal Manipulation </li>    
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     <li> Physical Enhancement and Brute Force </li>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     <li> Negating Ranged Attacks </li>    
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     <li> Ignoring Difficul\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 t Terrain </li>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     <li> Anti Magic, Undead, and Construct Effects </li>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 </ul> 
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Psychic
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Psychic Energy is the result of supernatural forces associated with the mind and psyche. Ingredients with Psychic Energy are most often found in locatio\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
ns saturated with psionic energy or influenced by aberrant forces.  Haunted locations also tend to be rife with Psychic Energy. Ingredients found from creatures with psionic abilities or incorporeal undead will often have Psychic Energy. 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Damage Ty\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 pes:** Psychic
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Resistances:** Psychic
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Stats:** Intelligence
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Status Effects:** Charmed, Fear, Stun, Sleep
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Associated Magic Effects:**
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 <ul>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     <li> Mind Reading </li>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     <li> Mind Control </li>    
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     <li> Telekinesis </li>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     <li> Sense Distortion </li>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     <li> Divination </li>    
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     <li> Enhanced Senses </li>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     <li> Curing Mental Status Effects </li>    
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 </ul> 
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Neutral
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Some Ingredients don't have a specific type of Energy.  While they \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
are just as potently magical as any other Ingredient, their Energy is essentially a blank slate.  These Ingredients are worth just as much gp as any other Ingredient of their rarity, and many artisans value the flexibility these items provide when craftin
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 g.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par 
\par \\\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 pagebreakNum 
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ## Gathering Ingredients
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Outside of the treasure hoards uncovered throughout their adventures, the most common ways players will acquire Magic Ingredients will be by harvesting them from slain creatures, foraging for them in the wil
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 derness, and finding them through the investigation.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 After overcoming dangerous enemies or other encounters, players will usually have the chance to collect some amount of wealth afterwards in the form of money or valuable Ingredients. Ingredients can be 
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 gained by either harvesting them from slain creatures, foraging for them in the surrounding area, or using investigation to discover the Ingredients hidden nearby or on the bodies of defeated foes.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 For more information on how these Ingredients should be m\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ade available to players, see <b>Part 2</b>.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ### Harvesting
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Slain creatures often provide an opportunity for players to harvest their remains for valuable Ingredients.  The type of creature that has been slain dictates what types of Ingredients can be har
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
vested from it and what skills will be needed to do the harvesting. The following list provides guidelines for what types of skills will normally be required to harvest Ingredients from different types of creatures, though the DM may make different ruling
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 s.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Beast:** Survival, Nature
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Celestial:** Survival, Religion
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Construct:** Arcana
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Dragon:** Survival, Nature 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Elemental:** Nature, Arcana
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Fey:** Nature, Survival
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Fiend:** Survival, Religion
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Giant:** Survival, Medicine
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Humanoid:** Survival, Medicine
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Ooze:** Nature, Arcana
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Plant** Nature, Survival
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Undead (Corporeal):** Same as Equivalent Living Creature
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Undead (Incorporeal):** Arcana, Religion
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 The character making t\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
he harvesting check does not need proficiency in the required skill and may receive help from another character to gain advantage on the check.  If all characters involved in the harvesting both have proficiency with the required skill, they may choose wh
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 a\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
t type of material they harvest, assuming it is a material they can harvest from the creature using the chosen skill.  Characters have no control over the type of energy the harvested Ingredient has.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 If a character has proficiency with tools capable of cr\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
afting items, those tools may be used to harvest Ingredients of that tool's **Primary Material Type**.  For example, Smith's tools can be used to harvest metal Ingredients.  See **Part 3** for more information on the **Primary Material Type** for each too
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 l.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 For more information on the types of Ingredients that can be harvested and setting the harvesting DCs, see **Part 3**.
\par 
\par \\\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 columnbreak
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ### Foraging and Investigation
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Sometimes Ingredients are found in the surrounding environment rather than harvested fro\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
m slain foes.  When facing encounters with creatures that can't be harvested or encounters that don't involve an creatures at all, Ingredients will often be found by foraging or investigating the adventure locale.  In these cases, the players have no cont
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 r\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ol over the types of Ingredients that are collected, even if they have proficiency in the skills being used.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ##### Foraging
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 During wilderness based adventures where the environment itself is the challenge the players must overcome, the DM may call for Wis\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
dom (Survival) checks to find Ingredients in the environment.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ##### Investigating
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
Humanoid creatures generally can't be harvested for Ingredients, but they often keep valuable items hidden on their person or in their territory.  In these cases, the DM may call for an Intelligence (Investigation) check to find hidden Ingredients rather 
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 t\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 han harvesting them.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ## Buying Ingredients
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Players may attempt to shop for and purchase Ingredients in between their adventures.  Due to their exotic nature and rarity, Ingredients are usually not readily available in the open market, and players will ha
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ve to spend time and gold to make contacts and find Ingredients available for purchase.  
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 **Resources.** The cost and difficulty of finding Ingredients depends on the rarity of the Ingredients the player wishes to purchase. There are four tiers of rarity \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
at which the player can shop, detailed below. Shopping for Ingredients requires one work week, and an amount of gp dependent on the Expense Cost for the tier of rarity the player has chosen. The player may spend more time and money to increase the odds of
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 finding the desired Ingredient. At the DM's discretion, shopping may take less time or some areas may not have access to higher tiers of Ingredients.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 **Resolution.** The character seeking Ingredients for purchase makes a Charisma (Persuasion) check to det\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
ermine the quantity and quality of the Ingredients found.  The character may add a +1 to the roll for every additional week spent searching for Ingredients and an additional +1 for every additional expenditure of gp equal to the Expense Cost.  The total o
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 f\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  these bonuses may not exceed +10.  
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
When shopping for an Ingredient, the character determines a type of Ingredient being searched for, either by specifying a desired Material (such as Metal), or a specific Energy (such as Fire).  The non specified attrib
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
ute is determined at random by the DM. In the character's search, other random Ingredients will usually turn up for purchase as shown in the Shopping Tables below.  The properties of these Ingredients are determined randomly by the DM.  All Ingredients fo
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 u\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 nd can be purchased by the character at their gp value. See **Ingredient Rarity Values** (pg.2) for the gp values of different Ingredient rarities.
\par 
\par \\\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 pagebreakNum
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 The player may specify both the Material and the Energy of the desired Ingredient when shopp\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
ing (such as Fire Metal).  However, doing so causes the Charisma (Persuasion) check to be made with disadvantage.  Conversely, the character may choose not to specify any attribute of the desired Ingredient, and make the check with advantage.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ##### Appren\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 tice Tier Shopping
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 **Expense Cost: 1gp**
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | d20  |  Desired Ingredients <br> Found  | Other Ingredients <br> Found 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:----:|:--------------------------------:| :---------------------------:| 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 1-5  |      1 Poor                      |     None             \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506         | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 6-10 |      2 Poor                      |     1 Poor                   |  
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 11-15|      1 Mundane                   |     1 Poor                   |  
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 16-20|      1 Mundane                   |     2 Poor                   |    
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 21-25|    \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506   2 Mundane                   |     3 Poor                   | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 26-30|      3 Mundane                   |     4 Poor                   | 
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ##### Journeyman Tier Shopping
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 **Expense Cost: 10gp**
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | d20  |  Desired Ingredients <br> Found  | Other Ingredients <br> Found 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:----:|:--------------------------------:| :---------------------------:| 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 1-5  |      3 Mundane                   |     2 Mundane                | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 6-10 |      1 Common        \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506             |     2 Mundane                |  
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 11-15|      2 Common                    |     1 Common                 |  
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 16-20|      1 Uncommon                  |     1 Common                 |    
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 21-25|      1 Uncommon                  |     2 Com\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 mon                 | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 26-30|      2 Uncommon                  |     3 Common                 | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 31-35|      3 Uncommon                  |     4 Common                 |
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ##### Expert Tier Shopping
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 **Expense Cost: 100gp**
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | d20  |  Desired Ingredients \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 <br> Found  | Other Ingredients <br> Found 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:----:|:--------------------------------:| :---------------------------:| 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 1-5  |      3 Uncommon                  |     2 Uncommon               | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 6-10 |      1 Rare                      |     2 Uncommon  \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506              |  
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 11-15|      2 Rare                      |     1 Rare                   |  
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 16-20|      1 Very Rare                 |     1 Rare                   |    
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 21-25|      1 Very Rare                 |     2 Rare                   | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 26-30\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |      2 Very Rare                 |     1 Very Rare              | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 31-35|      3 Very Rare                 |     2 Very Rare              |
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ##### Master Tier Shopping
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 **Expense Cost: 1,000gp**
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | d20  |  Desired Ingredients <br> Found  | Other Ingredie\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 nts <br> Found 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:----:|:--------------------------------:| :---------------------------:| 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 1-5  |      3 Very Rare                 |     2 Very Rare              | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 6-10 |      1 Epic                      |     2 Very Rare              |  
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   |   |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:----:|:--------------------------------:| :---------------------------:|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 11-15|      2 Epic                      |     1 Epic                   | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 16-20|      1\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  Legendary                 |     1 Epic                   |    
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 21-25|      1 Legendary                 |     2 Epic                   | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 26-30|      2 Legendary                 |     1 Legendary              | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 31-35|      3 Legendary               \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506   |     2 Legendary              |
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ### Random Property Tables
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 The DM may use these tables to determine the random attributes of Ingredients found while shopping.  These tables assume all Material and Energy types are equally likely to be found.  Depending
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
 on the area where the characters are shopping, the DM may modify these tables to favor some properties or exclude others.  Players should be made aware if some types of Ingredients are unavailable before they begin shopping.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ##### Material Types
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | d12  |\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506   Material     | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:----:|:-------------:| 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 1    | \{Material 1\}  | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 2    | \{Material 2\}  |  
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 3    | \{Material 3\}  | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 4    | \{Material 4\}  |    
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 5    | \{Material 5\}  | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 6    | \{Material 6\}  |  
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 7    | \{Material 7\}  |   
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 8    | \{Material 8\}  \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 9    | \{Material 9\}  |  
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 10   | \{Material 10\} |  
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 11   | \{Material 11\} |  
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 12   | \{Material 12\} |  
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ##### Energy Types
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | d12  |  Energy     | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:----:|:-------------:| 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 1    | \{Energy 1\}  | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 2    | \{Energy 2\}  |  
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 3    | \{Energy 3\}  | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 4    | \{Energy 4\}  |    
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 5    | \{Energy 5\}  | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 6    | \{Energy 6\}  |  
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 7    | \{Energy 7\}  |   
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 8    | \{Energy 8\}  |  
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 9    | \{Energy 9\}  |  
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 10   | \{Energy 10\} |  
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 11   | \{Energy 11\} |  
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 12   | \{Energy 12\} |  
\par 
\par \\\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 pag\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ebreakNum
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ## Breaking Down Items
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
Players can break down magic items they have no use for and salvage them for Ingredients.  Doing so requires proficiency with the tools that would be used to craft the item being broken down and an amount of time dependen
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 t on the complexity and rarity of the item.  
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 The Rarity of the salvaged Ingredients is dependent on the power of the item's magic effects.  
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 The Material of the salvaged Ingredients is dependent on the materials the item is made of.  If the item is made\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
 of multiple materials, the player can generally chose the type material that is salvaged.  Though, if the player is harvesting multiple Ingredients, the GM may limit the amounts of some types of material that are salvaged.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 The Energy of the salvaged Ingr\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
edients is dependent on the Energy types associated with the item's effects.  For example, an item with an effect associated with Air or Fey Energy can be salvaged for an Ingredient with one of those Energy types.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 If the effect can have multiple Energy types associated with it, the DM can determine which of these Energy types the salvaged Ingredient has randomly, or choose the Energy type that best matches the item.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 A permanent item with multiple effects can be bro\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
ken down into one Ingredient per effect, and consumable items can be broken down into a single Ingredient as shown in the table below.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ##### Rarity of Salvaged Ingredients
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | Item Effect Level  | Permanent Item             | Consumable Item    | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:-------\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ------:|:--------------------------:| :-----------------:|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | Apprentice    |  Uncommon <br> Ingredient  |      Mundane <br> Ingredient       | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | Journeyman    |  Rare <br> Ingredient      |     Common <br> Ingredient        |  
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | Expert        |  Very Rar\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 e <br> Ingredient |     Uncommon <br> Ingredient      |  
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | Master        |  Epic <br> Ingredient      |     Rare <br> Ingredient         |    
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | Legend        |  Legendary <br> Ingredient |     Very Rare <br> Ingredient     | 
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 The amount of time it takes\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
 to break down an item is dependent on the the amount of effects the item has, and the level of those effect.  The table below lists the Base Crafting Time for breaking down an item based on the effects it has.  The rules for the amount of time it takes t
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 o\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  break down an item are the same as they are for crafting an item.  See **Crafting Time** on page 10 for more details.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ##### Base Time to Break Down Magic Items
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | Effect Level  | Permanent Item Effect      | Consumable Item    | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:-------------:|:------\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 --------------------:| :-----------------:|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | Apprentice    |      10 hrs                |     2 hrs          | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | Journeyman    |      15 hrs                |     3 hrs          |  
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | Expert        |      20 hrs                |     4 hrs          |  
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | M\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 aster        |      25 hrs                |     5 hrs          |    
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | Legend        |      30 hrs                |     6 hrs          | 
\par 
\par \\\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 pagebreakNum
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 # Part 2: Magic Item Tables 
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
This section contains the information needed for GMs to run sessions with magic Ingredients as an alternative form of loot.  It contains alternative versions of the treasure tables and magic item tables found in the DMG that account for magic ingredients 
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 a\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 s treasure.
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ## Treasure Hoards
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
The following treasure hoard tables are alternatives to those found in the DMG and replace gems and art objects with magic ingredients.  These tables only list the rarity and quantity of ingredients found.  The material and
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  energy properties can be determined randomly or you can pick out properties that suit the location where they are found.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ### Treasure Hoard: 0-4
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 <br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br>
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 <div class='T able wide'>
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | Coi\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 n  |        CP        |        SP       |  EP    |    GP         |  PP  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:-----:|:----------------:|:---------------:|:------:|:-------------:|:------:|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |          | 6d6 x 100 (2,100)|3d6 x 100 (1,050)| ------ | 2d6 x 10 (70) |------| 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | **d100** | **Ing\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 redients**  |   **Magic Items**        |        |        |    |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  01-06   |   --------       |                          |        |        |    |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  07-16   | 2d6 (7) Mundane  |                          |        |        |    |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  17-26   | 1d4 (2) Common \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506   |                          |        |        |    |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  27-36   | 1d6 (3) Uncommon |                          |        |        |    |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  37-44   | 2d6 (7) Mundane  | Roll 1d6 times on Magic Item Table A | | |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  45-52   | 1d4 (2) Common   | Roll 1d6 time\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 s on Magic Item Table A | | |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  53-60   | 1d6 (3) Uncommon | Roll 1d6 times on Magic Item Table A | | |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  61-65   | 2d6 (7) Mundane  | Roll 1d4 times on Magic Item Table B | | |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  66-70   | 1d4 (2) Common   | Roll 1d4 times on Magic Item Table B | | |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506   71-75   | 1d6 (3) Uncommon | Roll 1d4 times on Magic Item Table B | | |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  76-78   | 2d6 (7) Mundane  | Roll 1d4 times on Magic Item Table C | | |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  79-80   | 1d4 (2) Common   | Roll 1d4 times on Magic Item Table C | | |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  81-85   | 1d6 (3) Uncommon | Roll 1d4 times on Magic Item Table C | | |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  86-92   | 1d4 (2) Common   | Roll 1d4 times on Magic Item Table F | | |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  93-97   | 1d6 (3) Uncommon |\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  Roll 1d4 times on Magic Item Table F | | |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  98-99   | 1d4 (2) Common   | Roll once on Magic Item Table G | | |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   00     | 1d6 (3) Uncommon | Roll once on Magic Item Table G | | |
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 </div>
\par 
\par \\\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 pagebreakNum
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ### Treasure Hoard: 5-10
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 <br><br>
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 <div class='\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 T able wide'>
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | Coin  |        CP           |        SP         |  EP    |    GP            |  PP          |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:-----:|:-------------------:|:-----------------:|:------:|:----------------:|:------------:|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |          | 2d6 x 100 (700)  |2d6 x 1,000 (7,000)|\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  ------ | 6d6 x 100 (2,100)|3d6 x 10 (105)| 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | **d100** | **Ingredients**  |   **Magic Items** |        |                  |              |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  01-04   |   --------       |                          |                  |        |    |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  05-10   | 1 Uncommon \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506       |                          |                  |        |    |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  11-16   | 2d4 (5) Uncommon |                          |                  |        |    |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  17-22   | 1d4 (2) Rare     |                          |                  |        |    |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  2\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 3-28   | 1 Very Rare      |                          |                  |        |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  29-32   | 1 Uncommon       | Roll 1d6 times on Magic Item Table A | | |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  33-36   | 2d4 (5) Uncommon | Roll 1d6 times on Magic Item Table A | | |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  37-40   | 1d4 (2) Ra\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 re     | Roll 1d6 times on Magic Item Table A | | |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  41-44   | 1 Very Rare      | Roll 1d6 times on Magic Item Table A | | |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  45-49   | 1 Uncommon       | Roll 1d4 times on Magic Item Table B | | |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  50-54   | 2d4 (5) Uncommon | Roll 1d4 times on Magic Item Table B | | |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  55-59   | 1d4 (2) Rare     | Roll 1d4 times on Magic Item Table B | | |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  60-63   | 1 Very Rare      |\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  Roll 1d4 times on Magic Item Table B | | |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  64-66   | 1 Uncommon       | Roll 1d4 times on Magic Item Table C | | |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  67-69   | 2d4 (5) Uncommon | Roll 1d4 times on Magic Item Table C | | |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  70-72   | 1d4 (2) Rare     | Roll 1d4 times on Magic Item T\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 able C  | | |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  73-74   | 1 Very Rare      | Roll 1d4 times on Magic Item Table C  | | |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  75-76   | 1 Uncommon       | Roll once on Magic Item Table D | | |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  77-78   | 2d4 (5) Uncommon | Roll once on Magic Item Table D | | |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   79     | 1d4 (2) Rare \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     | Roll once on Magic Item Table D | | |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   80     | 1 Very Rare      | Roll once on Magic Item Table D | | |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  81-84   | 1 Uncommon       | Roll 1d4 times on Magic Item Table F | | |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  85-88   | 2d4 (5) Uncommon | Roll 1d4 times on Magic Item Table \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 F | | |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  89-91   | 1d4 (2) Rare     | Roll 1d4 times on Magic Item Table F | | |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  92-94   | 1 Very Rare      | Roll 1d4 times on Magic Item Table F | | |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  95-96   | 1d4 (2) Rare     | Roll 1d4 times on Magic Item Table G | | |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  97-98   | 1 Very Rar\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 e      | Roll 1d4 times on Magic Item Table G | | |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   99     | 1d4 (2) Rare     | Roll once on Magic Item Table H | | |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   00     | 1 Very Rare      | Roll once on Magic Item Table H | | |
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 </div>
\par 
\par \\\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 pagebreakNum
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ### Treasure Hoard: 11-16
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 <br><br>
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 <div class='T able wide'>
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | Coin  |        CP           |        SP         |  EP    |    GP               |  PP              |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:-----:|:-------------------:|:-----------------:|:------:|:-------------------:|:----------------:|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |          | ------      \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506      | ------            | ------ | 4d6 x 1,000 (14,000)|5d6 x 100 (1,750) | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | **d100** | **Ingredients**  |   **Magic Items** |        |                  |              |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  01-03   |   --------       |                          |                  |      \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506   |    |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  04-06   | 1 Very Rare      |                          |                  |        |    |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  07-09   | 1d6 (3) Very Rare|                          |                  |        |    |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  10-12   | 1 Epic           |                          |     \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506              |        |    |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  13-15   | 1 Legendary      |                          |                  |        |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  16-19   | 1 Very Rare      | Roll 1d4 times on Magic Item Table A <br> and 1d6 times on Magic Item Table B| |    |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  20-23   | 1d6 (3) V\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ery Rare| Roll 1d4 times on Magic Item Table A <br> and 1d6 times on Magic Item Table B | | |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  24-26   | 1 Epic           | Roll 1d4 times on Magic Item Table A <br> and 1d6 times on Magic Item Table B | | |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  27-29   | 1 Legendary      | Roll 1d4 times\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  on Magic Item Table A <br> and 1d6 times on Magic Item Table B | | |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  30-35   | 1 Very Rare      | Roll 1d6 times on Magic Item Table C | | |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  36-40   | 1d6 (3) Very Rare| Roll 1d6 times on Magic Item Table C | | |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  41-45   | 1 Epic           | Roll\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  1d6 times on Magic Item Table C | | |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  46-50   | 1 Legendary      | Roll 1d6 times on Magic Item Table C | | |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  51-54   | 1 Very Rare      | Roll 1d4 times on Magic Item Table D | | |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  55-58   | 1d6 (3) Very Rare| Roll 1d4 times on Magic Item Table \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 D | | |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  59-62   | 1 Epic           | Roll 1d4 times on Magic Item Table D | | |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  63-66   | 1 Legendary      | Roll 1d4 times on Magic Item Table D | | |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  67-68   | 1 Very Rare      | Roll once on Magic Item Table E | | |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  69-70   | 1d6 (3) Very Ra\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 re| Roll once on Magic Item Table E | | |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  71-72   | 1 Epic           | Roll once on Magic Item Table E | | |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  73-74   | 1 Legendary      | Roll once on Magic Item Table E | | |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  75-76   | 1 Very Rare      | Roll once on Magic Item Table F <br> and 1\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 d4 times on Magic Item Table G | | |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  77-78   | 1d6 (3) Very Rare| Roll once on Magic Item Table F <br> and 1d4 times on Magic Item Table G | | |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  79-80   | 1 Epic           | Roll once on Magic Item Table F <br> and 1d4 times on Magic Item Table G | | |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  81-82   | 1 Legendary      | Ro\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ll once on Magic Item Table F <br> and 1d4 times on Magic Item Table G | | |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  83-85   | 1 Very Rare      | Roll 1d4 times on Magic Item Table H | | |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  86-88   | 1d6 (3) Very Rare| Roll 1d4 times on Magic Item Table H | | |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  89-90   | 1 Epic          \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  | Roll 1d4 times on Magic Item Table H | | |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  91-92   | 1 Legendary      | Roll 1d4 times on Magic Item Table H | | |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  93-94   | 1 Very Rare      | Roll once on Magic Item Table I | | |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  95-96   | 1d6 (3) Very Rare| Roll once on Magic Item Table I |\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  | |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  97-98   | 1 Epic           | Roll once on Magic Item Table I | | |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  99-00   | 1 Legendary      | Roll once on Magic Item Table I | | |
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 </div>
\par 
\par \\\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 pagebreakNum
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ### Treasure Hoard: 17+
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 <br><br>
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 <div class='T able wide'>
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | Coin  |        CP      \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506      |        SP         |  EP    |    GP               |  PP              |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:-----:|:-------------------:|:-----------------:|:------:|:-------------------:|:----------------:|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |          | ------           | ------            | ------ | 12d6 x 1,000 (42\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ,000)|8d6 x 1,000 (28,000) | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | **d100** | **Ingredients**  |   **Magic Items** |        |                  |              |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  01-02   |   --------       |                          |                  |        |    |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  03-05   | 1d4 (2) Epic     | Roll 1d\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 8 times on Magic Item Table C | |    |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  06-08   | 1 Legendary      | Roll 1d8 times on Magic Item Table C | | |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  09-11   | 1d6 (3) Epic     | Roll 1d8 times on Magic Item Table C | | |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  12-14   | 1d4 (2) Legendary| Roll 1d8 times on Magic Item Table C | | |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  15-22   | 1d4 (2) Epic     | Roll 1d6 times on Magic Item Table D | | |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  23-30   | 1 Legendary      |\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  Roll 1d6 times on Magic Item Table D | | |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  31-38   | 1d6 (3) Epic     | Roll 1d6 times on Magic Item Table D | | |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  39-46   | 1d4 (2) Legendary| Roll 1d6 times on Magic Item Table D | | |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  47-52   | 1d4 (2) Epic     | Roll 1d6 times on Magic Item T\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 able E | | |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  53-58   | 1 Legendary      | Roll 1d6 times on Magic Item Table E | | |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  58-63   | 1d6 (3) Epic     | Roll 1d6 times on Magic Item Table E | | |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  64-68   | 1d4 (2) Legendary| Roll 1d6 times on Magic Item Table E | | |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   69     | 1d4 (\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 2) Epic     | Roll 1d4 times on Magic Item Table G | | |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   70     | 1 Legendary      | Roll 1d4 times on Magic Item Table G | | |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   71     | 1d6 (3) Epic     | Roll 1d4 times on Magic Item Table G | | |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   72     | 1d4 (2) Legendary| Roll 1d4 times on\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  Magic Item Table G | | |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  73-74   | 1d4 (2) Epic     | Roll 1d4 times on Magic Item Table H | | |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  75-76   | 1 Legendary      | Roll 1d4 times on Magic Item Table H | | | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  77-78   | 1d6 (3) Epic     | Roll 1d4 times on Magic Item Table H | | |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  7\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 9-80   | 1d4 (2) Legendary| Roll 1d4 times on Magic Item Table H | | |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  81-85   | 1d4 (2) Epic     | Roll 1d4 times on Magic Item Table I | | |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  86-90   | 1 Legendary      | Roll 1d4 times on Magic Item Table I | | |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  91-95   | 1d6 (3) Epic     | Rol\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 l 1d4 times on Magic Item Table I | | |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  96-00   | 1d4 (2) Legendary| Roll 1d4 times on Magic Item Table I | | |
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 </div>
\par 
\par \\\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 pagebreakNum
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ## Individual Treasure Tables
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
The following treasure tables can be used as alternatives to the individual treasure tables found in the DMG.  These tables can be used to provide magic ingredients as treasure rather than gold.  If these ingredients are being harvested or found using Inv
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 e\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 stigation or Survival, the tables can also be used to set the DCs for these checks and determine how many ingredients are found based on how well the player did on the check.  

\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 These tables only inform you how many ingredients should be harvested and at w\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 hat rarity.  The material and energy properties are dependent on nature of the encounter.  
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ### Harvesting: Challenge 0-4 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Harvesting DC| Ingredients Harvested|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:-----------:|:--------------------:|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |     10      |     Poor x1          |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |     20      |\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506      Poor x2          |
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ### Harvesting: Challenge 5-10 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Harvesting DC| Ingredients Harvested|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:-----------:|:--------------------:|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |     10      |     Mundane x1       |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |     13      |     Mundane x2       |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |     15      |     Common  x1       |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506   20      |     Common  x2       |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |     25      |     Common  x3       |
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ### Harvesting: Challenge 11-16 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Harvesting DC| Ingredients Harvested|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:-----------:|:--------------------:|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |     12      |     Uncommon x1      |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |     15      |     Uncommon x2\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506       |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |     17      |     Rare x2          |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |     27      |     Rare x3          |
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ### Harvesting: Challenge 17+ 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Harvesting DC| Ingredients Harvested|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:-----------:|:--------------------:|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |     14      |     Very Rare x1     |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |     17      |     Very Rare x2     |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |     22      |     Epic x2          |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |     32      |     Epic x3          |
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ## Encounter Ingredient Tables
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 The Individual Harvesting tables describe the quantity and quality \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
of the ingredients found by players for encounters of a given challenge, but they don't determine the material or energy type.  These are dependent on the specifics of the encounter.  
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 When planning an encounter that will yield ingredients as a form of tr\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
easure, you can create Ingredient Tables that will dictate the types of ingredients that encounter can yield.  
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 As an example, lets assume we're planning an encounter with a Giant Crocodile from the Monster Manual.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ##### Step 1: Determine Harvesting Meth\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 od
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
If the encounter involves creatures that can be slain and harvested for ingredients, determine what types of skills are needed to harvest the creature.  The section on Harvesting in **Part 1** goes provides guidelines as to what skills are generally us
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ed for different creature types.  
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
If the players are not likely to be slaying any harvestable creatures, consider placing the ingredients in the immediate environment.  If they have been hidden, an Intelligence (Investigation) check may be needed to find
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  them.  If they are located in the wilderness, a Wisdom (Survival) check may be used instead.  
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 The section on Gathering Ingredients in **Part 1** gives more details on how ingredients can be gathered.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 For the Giant Crocodile example, we can assume an In\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 telligence (Nature) or Wisdom (Survival) check can be used when harvesting the materials from the crocodile.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ##### Step 2: Determine Rarity
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Rarity is dependent on the challenge rating of the encounter.  Simply match the challenge rating to the appropriat\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
e Harvesting table from the Individual Treasure Tables to determine the possible rarities for the ingredients.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 A Giant Crocodile has a CR 5, so the Challenge 5-10 table would be used.  This means the players could either harvest ingredients with a rarity \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 of Mundane or Common.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ##### Step 3: Determine Material Types
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
Determine what types of materials the players are likely to harvest or find for the given encounter.  The materials found should be intuitive for the players, so it is recommended you pick 1 to 4 materials that make sense for the given encounter.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 When har\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 vesting a beast, like the Giant Crocodile, Bone, Flesh, Fluid, and Hide usually make the most sense.  
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ##### Material Types
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Material     | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:-------------:| 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | \{Material 1\}  | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | \{Material 2\}  |  
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | \{Material 3\}  | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | \{Material 4\}  |    
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | \{Material 5\}\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506   | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | \{Material 6\}  |  
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | \{Material 7\}  |   
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | \{Material 8\}  |  
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | \{Material 9\}  |  
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | \{Material 10\} |  
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | \{Material 11\} |  
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | \{Material 12\} |  
\par 
\par \\\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 pagebreakNum
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Once you've picked your materials, create a table with them so can pick one at random if need\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ed.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |d4 | Material |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:-:|:--------:|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 1 |   Bone   |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 2 |   Hide   |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 3 |   Flesh  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 4 |   Fluid  |
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ##### Step 4: Determine Energy Types
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
The energy type of an ingredient represents its metaphysical properties, and can sometimes be harder to intuit.  **Part 1** contains descriptions of the 12 energy types used in this document and what sorts of creatures and environments they are each assoc
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 i\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ated with.  
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
It most cases it is best to pick 1 or 2 energy types for a given encounter.  If the encounter isn't very supernatural in nature, it makes more sense for the ingredients found to not have an energy type and be Neutral.  Creatures and environme
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 nts that are more otherworldly in nature will be more likely to yield ingredients with a matching energy type.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ##### Energy Types
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Energy     | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:-------------:| 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | \{Energy 1\}  | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | \{Energy 2\}  |  
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | \{Energy 3\}  | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | \{Energy 4\}  |    
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | \{Energy 5\}  | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | \{Energy 6\}  |  
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | \{Energy 7\}  |   
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | \{Energy 8\}  |  
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | \{Energy 9\}  |  
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | \{Energy 10\} |  
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | \{Energy 11\} |  
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | \{Energy 12\} |  
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 For the Giant Crocodile example, because the creature is an oversized beast, the Primeval energy is appropriate.  It is also a p\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
artially aquatic creature, so the Water energy can be used as well.  Because it is not necessarily supernatural in origin, we'll set the odds so that half the time, the harvested ingredient is neutral.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ##### Energy Types 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |d4 | Energy |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:-:|:--------:|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 1-2 | Neutral  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 3 | Primeval |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 4 |  Water   |
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 These energy types are by no means set in stone. Customizing the ingredients being found to the circumstances of the encounter can help reinforce a theme for an entire adventure.  For e
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 xample, if the adventurers were exploring a land cursed by necromancers, you could have all the creatures in there yield ingredients with the Shadow property to show how the corruption has seeped into the wildlife.

\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ##### Example Ingredient Tables: <br> Gi\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ant Crocodile (CR 5)
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 **Harvesting Skills:** Intelligence (Nature) or Wisdom (Survival)
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Harvesting DC | Ingredients Harvested|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:-----------:|:--------------------:|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |     10      |     Mundane x1       |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |     13      |     Mundane x2       |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |     15  \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     |     Common  x1       |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |     20      |     Common  x2       |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |     25      |     Common  x3       |
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |d4 | Material |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:-:|:--------:|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 1 |   Bone   |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 2 |   Hide   |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 3 |   Flesh  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 4 |   Fluid  |
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |d4 | Energy |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:-:|:--------:|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 1-2 | Neutral  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 3 | Primeval |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 4 |  Water   |
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ## Describing Ingredients
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 In order to sell ingredients or use them for crafting, all the players need to know about them are their rarity, material, and energy property, if any.  Howev\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
er, the players will often feel more immersed when there is more to the ingredients they find than simple mechanical descriptions.  Telling players they harvested "Common Primeval Hide" can suffice, but describing it as "Primordial Crocodile Scales" will 
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 m\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
ake it come alive and feel like a real item they collected.  This is especially important if the ingredient is a special, stand-alone item like a quest reward or something harvested from a major foe.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 While using your imagination to come up with inspiring \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
narrative descriptions for major items can be a fun creative exercise, trying to do this for every item harvested or discovered throughout an adventure can be daunting.  If players are repeatedly harvesting multiple ingredients after every encounter, it w
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 i\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ll can be simpler to describe them solely based on their rarity, material, and energy.  
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 If the players harvest several bones from a group of slain giant crocodiles, you can simply refer to them all as common bones.  If one of the players decides he's kee\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
n on collecting a crocodile jaw, he can specify that that is specifically what he's harvesting, and add that level of detail to his ingredient.
\par 
\par \\\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 pagebreakNum
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Alternatively, if you know you will be using the same or similar enemies throughout an adventure\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
, you can customize their loot tables to reflect a greater level of detail, as shown in the example below.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ##### Example Ingredient Tables: <br> Giant Crocodile (CR 5)
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 **Harvesting Skills:** Intelligence (Nature) or Wisdom (Survival)
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Harvesting DC | In\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 gredients Harvested|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:-----------:|:--------------------:|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |     10      |     Mundane x1       |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |     13      |     Mundane x2       |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |     15      |     Common  x1       |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |     20      |     Common  x2       |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |     25      |     Common  x3       |
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |d4 | Material |   Mundane Ingredient   | Common Ingredient  |  
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:-:|:--------:|:----------------------:|:-------------------:|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 1 |   Bone   | Giant Crocodile Teeth  |  Giant Crocodile Bone |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 2 |   Hide   | Giant Crocodile Hide   |  Giant Crocodile Sc\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ales|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 3 |   Flesh  | Giant Crocodile Meat   |  Giant Crocodile Heart |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 4 |   Fluid  | Giant Crocodile Blood  |  Giant Crocodile Tears |
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |d4 | Energy   | Description Modifier 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:-:|:--------:|:-----:|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 1-2 | Neutral | None |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 3 | Primeval | Primal | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 4 |  Water   | Drenched | 
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 The **Description Modifier** represents an adjective you can add to the ingredient's name based on what energy type it is.  For example, common primeval flesh, could be described as a Primal Giant Crocodile Heart. 

\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 This loot\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
 table isn't meant to be followed religiously, but to serve as an example of how you can add more character to the loot players harvest, while still keeping the naming conventions consistent enough to avoid confusion.  If you or the players suddenly decid
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 e\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  the crocodile's liver should be harvested, you can always deviate from what's listed here.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ## Magic Item Tables
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 The following magic item tables are alternatives to those found in the DMG.  These tables are organized according to the approximate gp value\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
 of the items.  While the magic items in the DMG have rarities that can be used to determine an approximate gp value, these values often conflict with the items actual power and utility.  
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 These tables dispense with most of the assumptions about the rarit\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 y of items according to the DMG and reorganize them based on a reassessment of their actual power level.  

\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 These tables list the gold value of each item along with how many "magic effects" it can be assumed the item has. Knowing how many magic effects an \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
item has is important if players wish to use custom crafting to add additional effects to the item.  An item that already has three or more effects on it cannot have any more added through custom crafting, and the more effects the item possess, the greate
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 r\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  the cost of adding additional effects. 
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ##### Magic Item Table A 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |d100 |    Magic Item        | Value(gp) | Source |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:---:|:--------------------:|:----------:|:------:|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |01-50| Potion of healing    |     50     |  DMG pg.187   | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |51-60|Spell scroll (cantrip)|     10     |  DMG pg.200  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |61-62| Quaal's Feather <br> Token: Anchor    |     50     |  DMG pg.188      |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |63-70| Rune of talent       |     50     |  Item List     |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |71-90|Spell scroll (1st)    |     60     |  DMG pg.200 \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |91-94|Spell scroll (2nd)    |     120    |  DMG pg.200  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |95-98| Potion of greater <br> healing    |     150     |  DMG pg.187   | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |99   | Lesser Bag <br> of Holding|     1000     |  Item List   | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |00   | Driftglobe           |     750    |  DMG pg.\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 166   | 
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ##### Magic Item Table B 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |d100 |    Magic Item        | Value(gp) | Source |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:---:|:--------------------:|:----------:|:------:|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |01-15| Potion of greater <br> healing    |     150     |  DMG pg.187   | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |16-22| Potion of fire breath|     150  \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506    |  DMG pg.187   | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |23-29| Potion of climbing   |     180     |  DMG pg.187   | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |30-34| Ammunition, +1 <br> (1d6+4 Pieces)  |     25 <br> Each     |  DMG pg.152   | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |35-39|  Potion of animal <br> friendship   |     200     |  DMG pg.187   | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |40-44|Po\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 tion of heroism |     180     |  DMG pg.188   |  
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |45-49| Potion of invisibility|     180     |  DMG pg.188   |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |50-54| Potion of water <br> breathing|     180     |  DMG pg.188   |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |55-59| Spell scroll (2nd)    |     120    |  DMG pg.200  | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |60-64| Spell\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  scroll (3rd)   |     200    |  DMG pg.200  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |65-67| Lesser bag <br> of holding|     1000     |  Item List   | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |68-70| Elixir of health    |     120     |  DMG pg.168   | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |71-73| Potion of mind <br> reading|     180     |  DMG pg.188   | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |74-75| Quaal'\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 s feather <br> token: fan   |     250    |  DMG pg.188  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |76-77| Quaal's feather <br> token: whip   |     250    |  DMG pg.188  | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |78-79| Nolzur's marvelous <br> pigments|     200     |  DMG pg.183   |  
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \\\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 pagebreakNum
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |     |                      |            |        |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:---:|:--------------------:|:----------:|:------:|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |80-81| Scroll of protection |     180     |  DMG pg.199   |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |82-83| Philter of love      |     90      |  DMG pg.184   | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |84   |Ioun stone: sustenan\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ce|    1000    |  DMG pg.177  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |85   |Cap of water breathing|    1000    |  DMG pg.157   | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |86   | Quiver of Ehlonna    |    1000    |  DMG pg.189   | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |87   | Driftglobe           |     750    |  DMG pg.166   | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |88   | Ring of warmth       |    1000   \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  |  DMG pg.193   | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |89   | Helm of comprehending <br> languages   |     500    |  DMG pg.173   | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |90   | Enchanted <br> artisan's tools          |    500     |  Item List   | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |91   | Neckless of Xorn     |     750    |  Item List |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |92   | Rod of magic \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 <br> detection |     100     |  Item List   | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |93   | Orb of awareness     |     500    |  Item List   | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |94   | Potion of poison     |     100    |  DMG pg.188   | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |95   | Mega chains          |     250    |  Item List   | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |96   | Robe of useful items\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  |   Varies   |  DMG pg.195   |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |97   | Placeholder          |     XX     |  XX   | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |98   | Placeholder          |     XX     |  XX   |  
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |99   | Goggles of night     |     1500   |  DMG pg.172   | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |00   | Mariner's armor      |     1500   |  DMG pg.181 \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506   | 
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ##### Magic Item Table C 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |d100 |    Magic Item        | Value(gp) | Source |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:---:|:--------------------:|:----------:|:------:|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |01-15| Potion of superior <br> healing   |     450     |  DMG pg.187   | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |16-22| Spell scroll (4th)   |     320    |  DMG pg.200  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |23-27| Ammunition, +2 <br> (1d6+4 Pieces)  |     100 <br> Each     |  DMG pg.152   |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |28-32| Potion of flying     |     500    |  DMG pg.187   |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |33-37| Potion of growth     |     270    |  DMG pg\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 .187   | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |38-42| Potion of diminution |     270    |  DMG pg.187   |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |43-47|Potion of clairvoyance|     960    |  DMG pg.187  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |48-52|Potion of vitality    |     960    |  DMG pg.188  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |48-52| Potion of gaseous form|    300    |  DMG pg.187   |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |53-57| \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Potion of resistance |     300    |  DMG pg.188   | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |58-62| Potion of speed      |     400    |  DMG pg.188   | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |63-67| Spell scroll (5th)   |     640    |  DMG pg.200  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |68-70| Keoghtom's ointment  |     varies |  DMG pg.179  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |71-73| Bag of holding  \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506      |     4000   |  DMG pg.153  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |71-73| Oil of slipperiness  |     480    |  DMG pg.184  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |74-75| Sovereign glue       |     400    |  DMG pg.200  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |76-77| Universal solvent    |     300    |  DMG pg.209  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |78-79| Dust of disappearance|     300    | \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  DMG pg.166  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |80-81| Dust of dryness      |     varies |  DMG pg.166  |
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |     |                      |            |        |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:---:|:--------------------:|:----------:|:------:|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |82-83| Dust of sneezing <br> and choking|     480    |  DMG pg.166  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |84-\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 85| Elemental gem        |     960    |  DMG pg.167  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |86-87| Bead of force        |     960    |  DMG pg.154  | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 89  | Chime of opening     |     1500   |  DMG pg.158  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 90  | Horseshoes of the zephyr|   1500   |  DMG pg.175   | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 91  | Eyes of minu\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 te seeing|     2500   |  DMG pg.168   | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 92  | Wand of secrets      |     1500   |  DMG pg.211   | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 93  |Wand of magic detection|     1500   |  DMG pg.211   | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 94  | Lantern of revealing |     5000   |  DMG pg.179   | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 95  | Immovable rod        |     5000   |  DMG pg.175   | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 96  | Ring of swimming     |     3000   |  DMG pg.193   | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 97  | Rope of climbing     |     2000   |  DMG pg.197   | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 98  |Saddl\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 e of the cavalier|     2000   |  DMG pg.199   | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 99  | Heward's handy <br> haversack |     2000   |  DMG pg.174   | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 00  |Sending stones        |     2000   |  DMG pg.199   | 
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ##### Magic Item Table D 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |d100 |    Magic Item        | Value(gp) | Source\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:---:|:--------------------:|:----------:|:------:|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |01-20| Potion of supreme <br> healing   |     1350     |  DMG pg.187   | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |21-30|Potion of invulnerability|     3840    |  DMG pg.188  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |31-40| Spell scroll (6th)   |     1280   |  DMG pg.200  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |41\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 -47| Spell scroll (7th)   |     2560   |  DMG pg.200  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |48-52|Potion of hill <br> giant strength| 3000 | DMG pg.187 |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |53-57|Potion of frost <br> giant strength| 5000 | DMG pg.187 |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |58-62|Potion of stone <br> giant strength| 5000 | DMG pg.187 |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |63-67|Po\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 tion of fire <br> giant strength| 9000 | DMG pg.187 |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |68-72|Potion of cloud <br> giant strength| 15000 | DMG pg.187 |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |73-77| Oil of sharpness     |     3200    |  DMG pg.184  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |78-82| Oil of etherealness  |     1920   |  DMG pg.183  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |83-87| Ammunition\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  (+3) <br> (1d6+4 Pieces)      |     400    |  DMG pg.150  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |88-92| Spell scroll (8th)   |     5120   |  DMG pg.200  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |93-95| Potion of longevity  |     9000    |  DMG pg.188  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |88-89| Quaal's feather <br> token: bird   |     3000    |  DMG pg.188  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |9\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 0-91| Quaal's feather <br> token: swan boat   |     3000    |  DMG pg.188  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |92-93| Necklace of fireballs|     varies |  DMG pg.182  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |94-95| Horseshoes of speed  |     5000    |  DMG pg.175  | 
\par 
\par \\\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 pagebreakNum
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |     |                      |            |        |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:---:|:--------------------:|:----------:|:------:|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |96-97| Placeholder           |     XX    |  XX  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |98   | Periapt of health    |     5000   |  DMG pg.184  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |99   | Bag of devouring     |     N/A  \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506   |  DMG pg.153  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |00   | Portable hole        |     8000   |  DMG pg.185  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 00  | Alchemy jug          |     6000   |  DMG pg.150  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 00  | Folding boat         |     10,000 |  DMG pg.170  |
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ##### Magic Item Table E 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |d100 |    Magic Item        | V\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 alue(gp) | Source |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:---:|:--------------------:|:----------:|:------:|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |01-30| Spell scroll (8th)   |     5120   |  DMG pg.200  | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |31-55| Potion of storm <br> giant strength          |    22000 | DMG pg.187 |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |56-70| Potion of supreme <br> healing    | \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     1350     |  DMG pg.187   | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |71-85| Spell scroll (9th)   |     10240  |  DMG pg.200  | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |86-93|  Placeholder           |     XX    |  XX  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |94-98| Arrow of Slaying <br> (1d6+4 Pieces)| 600 <br> Each  |  DMG pg.152 |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |99-00|  Placeholder           |   \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506   XX    |  XX  |
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ##### Magic Item Table F 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |d100 |    Magic Item        | Value(gp) | Source |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:---:|:--------------------:|:----------:|:------:|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |01-15| Weapon, +1           |     1000   |  DMG pg.213  | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |16-20| Wand of the <br> war mage, +1   |     1\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 200    |  DMG pg.212         |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |21-23| Mithral Armor        |     800    |  DMG pg.182  | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |24-26| Adamantine Armor     |     500    |  DMG pg.150  | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |22-23| Vicious Weapon       |     350    |  DMG pg.209  | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |24-25| Club of savagery|     XXX    |  Item List   | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |26-27| Whispersilk cloak    |     XXX    |  Item List   | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |28-29| Rubblemaker          |     XXX    |  Item List   | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |30-31| Storm trident\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506         |     XXX    |  Item List   | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |32-33| Ghostfire blade      |     XXX    |  Item List   | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |34-35| Spore slinger        |     XXX    |  Item List   |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |36-37| Jousting lance       |     XXX    |  Item List   | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |38-39| Blade of insight     |     XXX\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     |  Item List   | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |40-41| Riot gear            |     XXX    |  Item List   |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |42-43| Crystal slippers     |     XXX    |  Item List   | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |44-45| Mantle of tides      |     XXX    |  Item List   | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |46-47| Rosethrown pike      |     XXX    |  Item List \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506   |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |48-49| Shining armor        |     XXX    |  Item List   | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |50-51| Mace of the <br> valiant        |     XXX    |  Item List   | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |52-53| Lucky charm          |     XXX    |  Item List   | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |54-55| Quiver of the <br> striking cobra        |     XXX   \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  |  Item List   | 
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |     |                      |            |        |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:---:|:--------------------:|:----------:|:------:|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |56-57| Smoldering <br> garrote        |     XXX    |  Item List   | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |58-59| Bracers of <br> the last stand        |     XXX    |\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506   Item List   | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |60-61| Dualist's <br> standard        |     XXX    |  Item List   | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |62-63| Cloak of <br> daggers       |     XXX    |  Item List   | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |64-65| Wind cord            |     XXX    |  Item List   | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |66-67| Mox (roll d8)        |     XXX    \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Item List   | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |     | 1                    |  Amber     |              |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |     | 2                    |  Jet       |              |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |     | 3                    |  Ruby      |              |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |     | 4                    |  Pearl     |              |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |     | 5                    |  Chrome    |              |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |     | 6                    |  Opal      |              |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |     | 7                    |  Emerald   |              |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |     | 8           \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506          |  Sapphire  |              |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |68-69| Eversmoking bottle   |     1000   |  DMG pg.168  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |70-71| Horn of blasting     |     450    |  DMG pg.174  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |72-73|Sword of life-stealing|     1000   |  DMG pg.206  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |74-75|Sword of vengeance    |     XXX  \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506   |  DMG pg.206  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |76-77|Trident of <br> fish command| 800  |  DMG pg.209  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |78-79| Goldean lions        |     1200   |  DMG pg.169  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |80-81| Placeholder          |     XXX    |    XXX       |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |82-83| Placeholder          |     XXX    |    XXX       |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 84-85| Placeholder          |     XXX    |    XXX       |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |86-87| Placeholder          |     XXX    |    XXX       |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |88-89| Placeholder          |     XXX    |    XXX       |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |90-91| Placeholder          |     XXX    |    XXX       |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |92-93| Placeholder  \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506         |     XXX    |    XXX       |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |94-95| Placeholder          |     XXX    |    XXX       |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |96-97| Placeholder          |     XXX    |    XXX       |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |98-99| Placeholder          |     XXX    |    XXX       |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 00  | Placeholder          |     XXX   \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  |    XXX       |
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ##### Magic Item Table G 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |d100 |    Magic Item        | Value(gp) | Source |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:---:|:--------------------:|:----------:|:------:|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |01-10| Weapon, +2           |     4000   |  DMG pg.213  | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |11-15| Wand of the <br> warmage, +2    |     4800   |  DMG pg.212  | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |16-18| +1, Armor            |     1500    |  DMG pg.152         |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 19  | +1, Shield           |     1500    |  DMG pg.200         |
\par 
\par \\\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 pagebreakNum
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |     |                      |     \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506        |        |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:---:|:--------------------:|:----------:|:------:|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 20  | Gloves of swimming <br> and climbing          |     2000    |  DMG pg.200         |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 21  | Ring of <br> feather falling          |     2000    |  DMG pg.191         |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 22  | B\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 racers of archery   |     1500    |  DMG pg.156         |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 23  | Circlet of <br> blasting   |     1500    |  DMG pg.158         |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 24  | Javelin of <br> lightning  |     1500    |  DMG pg.178         |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 25  | Prayer bead <br> - smiting |     1500    |  \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 DMG pg.182         |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 26  | Wind fan             |     1500    |  DMG pg.213         |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 27  | Sword of <br> sharpness|     1700    |  DMG pg.206         |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 28  | Staff of <br> the adder|     1800    |  DMG pg.203         |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 29  | Dancing sword        |\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506      2000    |  DMG pg.160         |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 30  | Armor of vulnerability|     XXX    |  DMG pg.152         |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 31  | Berserker Axe        |     XXX    |  DMG pg.155         |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 32  | Gem of brightness    |     5000    |  DMG pg.171         |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 33  | Glamored st\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 udded <br> leather        |     2000    |  DMG pg.172         |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 34  | Frost brand           |     2200    |  DMG pg.171         |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 35  | Boots of <br> elvenkind |     2500    |  DMG pg.155         |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 36  | Eyes of <br> the eagle|     2500    |  DMG pg.\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 168         |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 37  | Ring of <br> jumping |     2500    |  DMG pg.191         |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 38  | Dimensional <br> shackles |     3000    |  DMG pg.165         |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 39  | Eyes of <br> charming|     3000    |  DMG pg.168         |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 40  | Medallion <br> of thoughts| \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     3000    |  DMG pg.181         |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 41  | Boots of <br> levitation|     4000    |  DMG pg.155         |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 42  | Ring of animal <br> influence|     4000    |  DMG pg.189         |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 43  | Boot of springing <br> and striding|     5000    |  DMG pg.156         |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 44  | Cloak of arachnida   |     5000    |  DMG pg.158         |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 45  | Cloak of elvenkind   |     5000    |  DMG pg.158         |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 46  | Gloves of <br> thievery |     500\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 0    |  DMG pg.172         |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 47  | Hat of disguise |     5000    |  DMG pg.173         |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 48  | Periapt of proof <br> against poison |     5000    |  DMG pg.184         |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 49  | Slippers of <br> spider climbing |     5000    |  DMG pg.200         |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 5\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 0  | Prayer Bead - bless |     2000    |  DMG pg.182         |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 51  | Pipes of <br> the sewers |     2000    |  DMG pg.185         |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 52  | Sword of <br> wounding |     2000    |  DMG pg.207         |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 53  | Dagger of venom |     2500    |  DMG pg.160  \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506        |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 54  | Gloves of <br> Missle Snaring |     3000    |  DMG pg.172         |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 55  | Ioun Stone (Roll d6)          |     3000    |  DMG pg.177         |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |     | 1                    |  Agility   |              |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |     | 2                    |  Fort\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 itude |              |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |     | 3                    |  Insight   |              |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |     | 4                    |  Intellect |              |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |     | 5                    |  Leadership|              |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |     | 6                    |  Strength  |             \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 56  | Staff of <br> withering|     3000    |  DMG pg.205         |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 57  | Cloak of <br> protection|     3500    |  DMG pg.159         |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 58  | Oathbow             |     3500    |  DMG pg.183         |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 59  | Ring of <br> protection|     3500    |  \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 DMG pg.159         |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 60  | Boots of speed       |     4000    |  DMG pg.155         |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 61  |Dragon scale <br> mail|     4000    |  DMG pg.165         |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 62  | Elven chain          |     4000    |  DMG pg.167         |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 63  | Ioun stone <br> regenerati\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 on|     4000    |  DMG pg.177         |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 64  | Iron bands <br> of Bilarro|     4000    |  DMG pg.177         |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 65  | Prayer bead - curing |     4000    |  DMG pg.182         |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 66  | Rope of <br> entanglement |     4000    |  DMG pg.197         |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 67  | Luckstone            |     4200    |  DMG pg.205         |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 68  | Flame tongue         |     5000    |  DMG pg.170         |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 69  | Periapt of <br> wound closure|     5000   \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  |  DMG pg.184         |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 70  | Ring of evasion      |     5000    |  DMG pg.191         |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 71  | Ring of the ram          |     5000    |  DMG pg.193         |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 72  | Tentacle rod         |     5000    |  DMG pg.208         |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 73  | Necklace of <br> a\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 daptation  |     1500    |  DMG pg.182         |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 74  | Ring of water <br> walking          |     1500    |  DMG pg.193         | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 75  | Staff of <br> the python|    2000    |  DMG pg.204       |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 76  | Necklace of <br> adaptation| 1500    |  DMG pg.18\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 2       |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 77  | Gloves of swimming <br> and climbing | 2000    |  DMG pg.172       |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 79  | Ring of <br> feather falling | 2000    |  DMG pg.191     |
\par 
\par \\\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 pagebreakNum
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |     |                      |            |        |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:---:|:--------------------:|:--\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 --------:|:------:|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 80  | Wings of flying      |     5000    |  DMG pg.269     |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 81  | Wand of enemy <br> detection |     4000    |  DMG pg.210     |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 82  | Onyx dog             |   3,000     |  DMG pg.170  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 83  | Silver raven         |   5,000    \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  |  DMG pg.170  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 84  | Animated shield      |     6,000  |  DMG pg.151  | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 85  | Armor of resistance  |     6,000  |  DMG pg.152  | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 86  | Arrow-catching <br> shield  |     6,000  |  DMG pg.152  | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 87  | Belt of dwarvenkind  |     6,000  |  DMG pg\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 .155  | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 88  | Bracers of defense   |     6,000  |  DMG pg.156  | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 89  | Ioun stone: <br> reserve|   6,000  |  DMG pg.177  | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 90  | Pearl of power       |     6,000  |  DMG pg.184  | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 91  | Pipes of haunting    |     6,000  |  DMG pg.185  | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 92  | Ring of resistance   |     6,000  |  DMG pg.192  | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 93  | Robe of scintillating <br> colors    |     6,000  |  DMG pg.194  | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 94  | Scimitar of speed    |     6,000  |  DMG pg.199  | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 95  | Ebon fly             |  6,000     |  DMG pg.169  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 96  | Cloak of the bat     |  6,000     |  DMG pg.159  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 97  | Ring of x-ray vision |  6,000     |  DMG pg.193  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 98  | Marble elephant      |  6,000     |  DMG pg.170  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 99  | Serpentine o\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 wl       |  6,000     |  DMG pg.170  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 00  | Cloak of the <br> manta ray     |  6,000     |  DMG pg.159  |
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ##### Magic Item Table H 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |d100 |    Magic Item        | Value(gp) | Source |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:---:|:--------------------:|:----------:|:------:|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |01-10| Weapon\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 , +3           |     16,000 |  DMG pg.213  | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |11-15| Wand of the <br> warmage, +3    |     19,200   |  DMG pg.212  | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |16-20| Armor, +2            |  12,000     |  DMG pg.152  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |21-22| Shield, +2           |  12,000     |  DMG pg.200  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 23  | Mace of s\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 miting      |     7,000  |  DMG pg.179  | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 24  | Brooch of <br> shielding | 7,500  |  DMG pg.156  | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 25  | Amulet of health     |     8,000  |  DMG pg.150  | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 26  | Dragon slayer        |     8,000  |  DMG pg.166  | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 27  | Gauntlets of <br> ogre po\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 wer|     8,000  |  DMG pg.171  | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 28  | Headband of intellect|     8,000  |  DMG pg.173  | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 29  | Ring of spell turning|     30,000 |  DMG pg.193  | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 30  | Mace of disruption   |     8,000  |  DMG pg.179  | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 31  | Mace of terror       |     8,000  |  DMG pg.180  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 32  | Wand of <br> magic missiles|     8,000  |  DMG pg.211  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 33  | Nine lives stealer   |     8,000  |  DMG pg.183  |
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |     |                      |            |        |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:---:|:-----------\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ---------:|:----------:|:------:|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 34  | Bowl of commanding <br> water elementals |     8,000  |  DMG pg.158  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 35  | Brazier of commanding <br> fire elementals |     8,000  |  DMG pg.158  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 36  | Censer of controlling <br> air elementals |     8,000 \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  |  DMG pg.158  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 37  | Stone of controlling <br> earth elementals |     8,000  |  DMG pg.158  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 38  | Broom of flying      |     8,000  |  DMG pg.156  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 39  | Winged boots         |     8,000  |  DMG pg.214  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 40  | Horn of Valhalla     |     Vari\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 es |  DMG pg.175  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 41  | Wand of web          |     8,000  |  DMG pg.212  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 42  | Staff of thunder <br> and lightning          |     10,000  |  DMG pg.204  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 43  | Wand of binding      |     10,000  |  DMG pg.209  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 44  | Wand of fear         |   \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506   10,000  |  DMG pg.210  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 45  | Ioun stone: <br> awareness      |     12,000  |  DMG pg.177  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 46  | Rod of the <br> pact keeper, +1      |     12,000  |  DMG pg.197  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 47  | Staff of charming    |     12,000  |  DMG pg.201  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 48  | Sunblade      \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506        |     12,000  |  DMG pg.205  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 49  | Staff of healing     |     13,000  |  DMG pg.202  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 50  | Ring of shooting <br> stars|     14,000  |  DMG pg.192  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 51  | Ioun stone: mastery  |     15,000  |  DMG pg.177  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 52  | Hammer of <br> thunderbo\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 lts|     16,000  |  DMG pg.173  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 53  | Rod of the pact <br> keeper, +2  |     16,000  |  DMG pg.197  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 54  | Staff of fire        |     16,000  |  DMG pg.201  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 55  | Staff of swarming <br> insects      |     16,000  |  DMG pg.203  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 56  | Wand of\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  paralysis    |     16,000  |  DMG pg.211  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 57  | Ring of air <br> elemental command    |     35,000  |  DMG pg.191  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 58  | Ring of earth <br> elemental command    |     31,000  |  DMG pg.191  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 59  | Ring of fire <br> elemental command    |     17,000  |  DMG pg.191  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 50  | Ring of water <br> elemental command    |    25,000  |  DMG pg.191  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 51  | Dwarven throw\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 er      |     18,000  |  DMG pg.167  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 52  | Ring of free action  |     20,000  |  DMG pg.191  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 53  | Sentinel shield      |     20,000  |  DMG pg.199  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 54  | Staff of striking    |     21,000  |  DMG pg.203  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 55  | Ring of spell storing|     24\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ,000  |  DMG pg.192  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 56  | Vorpal sword         |     24,000  |  DMG pg.209  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 57  | Rod of alertness     |     25,000  |  DMG pg.195  |
\par 
\par \\\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 pagebreakNum
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |     |                      |            |        |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:---:|:--------------------:|:----------:|:\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ------:|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 58  | Staff of frost       |     26,000  |  DMG pg.201  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 59  | Carpet of flying     |     12,000  |  DMG pg.157  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 60  | Ring of regeneration |     12,000  |  DMG pg.191  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 61  | Sphere of annihilation|    15,000  |  DMG pg.201  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 62  |\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  Instrument of the bards <br> - fochulan bandlore |     26,500  |  DMG pg.176  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 63  | Instrument of the bards <br> - mac-fuirmidh cittern|    27,000  |  DMG pg.176  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 64  | Instrument of the bards <br> - doss lute |    28,500  |  DMG pg.176  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 65  |\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  Instrument of the bards <br> - canaith mandolin|    30,000  |  DMG pg.176  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 66  | Rod of lordly might  |     28,000  |  DMG pg.195  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 67  | Rod of the pact <br> keeper, +3    |     28,000  |  DMG pg.197  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 68  | Mantle of spell <br> resistance    |\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506      30,000  |  DMG pg.180  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 69  | Defender             |     24,000  |  DMG pg.164  | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 70  | Armor of invulnerability|  18,000  |  DMG pg.164  | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 71  | Talisman of <br> the sphere|  20,000  |  DMG pg.207  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 72  | Shield of missile <br> attraction   |     6,000  |  DMG pg.200  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 73  | Giant slayer         |     7,000  |  DMG pg.172  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 74  | Robe of the <br> archmagi |  34,000     |  DMG pg.19\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 4  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 75  | Prayer bead - favor  |  32,000     |  DMG pg.182  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 76  | Wand of fireballs    |  32,000     |  DMG pg.210  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 77  | Wand of <br> lightning bolts    |  32,000     |  DMG pg.211  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 78  | Wand of polymorph    |  32,000     |  DMG pg.211  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 79  | Gem of seeing        |  32,000     |  DMG pg.172  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 80  | Instrument of the bards <br> - cli lyre |     35,000  |  DMG pg.176  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 81  | Amulet of proof against <br> detection and location |  20,000     |  DMG pg.150  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 82  | Apparatus of Kwali\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 sh |  10,000     |  DMG pg.151  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 83  | Boots of the <br> winterlands |  10,000     |  DMG pg.156  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 84  | Cape of the <br> mountebank |  8,000     |  DMG pg.157  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 85  | Cube of force        |  16,000     |  DMG pg.159  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 86  | Deck of illusions  \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506   |  6,120     |  DMG pg.161  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 88  | Demon armor          |  XXX       |  DMG pg.165  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 87  | Dwarven plate        |  9,000     |  DMG pg.167  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 89  | Efreeti chain        |  20,000    |  DMG pg.167  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 90  | Helm of telepathy    |  12,000    |  DM\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 G pg.174  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 91  | Mirror of <br> life trapping    |  18,000    |  DMG pg.181  |
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |     |                      |            |        |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:---:|:--------------------:|:----------:|:------:|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 92  | Ring of invisibility |  10,000    |  DMG pg.191  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 93  | \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Ring of mind shielding |  16,000    |  DMG pg.191|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 94  | Robe of eyes         |  30,000    |  DMG pg.193  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 95  | Rod of rulership     |  16,000    |  DMG pg.197  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 96  | Bronze griffon       |  8,000     |  DMG pg.169  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 97  | Ivory goats          |  22,000    |  DMG pg.169  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 98  | Helm of brilliance   |  25,000    |  DMG pg.173  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 99  | Belt of hill <br> giant strength |  30,000    |  DMG pg.155  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 00  | Helm of brilliance   |  25,000    |  DMG pg.173  |
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ##### M\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 agic Item Table I 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |d100 |    Magic Item        | Value(gp) | Source |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:---:|:--------------------:|:----------:|:------:|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |01-06| Sword of answering   |  36,000    |  DMG pg.206  | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |07-09| Armor, +3            |  48,000    |  DMG pg.152  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |10-11| Shiel\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 d, +3           |  48,000    |  DMG pg.200  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |12-13| Cubic gate           |  40,000    |  DMG pg.160  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |14-15| Crystal ball         |  50,000    |  DMG pg.159  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |16-17| Helm of <br> teleportation |  64,000    |  DMG pg.174  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |18-19| Daern's instant <br\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 > fortress |  75,000    |  DMG pg.160  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |20-21| Ring of telekinesis  |  80,000    |  DMG pg.193  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |22-23| Cloak of invisibility|  80,000    |  DMG pg.158  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |24-25| Rod of security      |  90,000    |  DMG pg.197  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |26-27| Staff of power       |  95,500\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     |  DMG pg.202  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |28-29| Obsidian steed       |  128,000   |  DMG pg.170  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |30-31| Amulet of the planes |  160,000   |  DMG pg.150  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |32-33| Scarab of protection |  36,000    |  DMG pg.199  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |34-35| Staff of <br> the woodlands   |  44,000    |  DMG \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 pg.204  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |36-37| Spellguard shield    |  50,000    |  DMG pg.201  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |38-39| Cloak of displacement|  60,000    |  DMG pg.158  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |40-41| Plate armor <br> of etherealness|  48,000    |  DMG pg.185  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |42-43| Robe of stars        |  60,000    |  DMG pg.194  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |44-45| Weapon of warning    |  60,000    |  DMG pg.213  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |46-47| Prayer bead - <br> wind walking    |  96,000    |  DMG pg.182  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |48-49| Instrument of the <br> bards - anstruth harp |     109,000  |  DMG pg.176  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |50-51| Instrument of the <br> bards - ollamh harp |     125,000  |  DMG pg.176  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |52-53| Weapon of warning    |  60,000    |  DMG pg.213  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |54-55| Candle of <br> invoca\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 tion  |  XXX    |  DMG pg.157  |
\par 
\par \\\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 pagebreakNum
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |     |                      |            |        |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:---:|:--------------------:|:----------:|:------:|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |56-57| Deck of <br> many things  |  XXX    |  DMG pg.162  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |58-59| Iron flask           |  XXX    |\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506   DMG pg.178  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |60-61| Ring of <br> three wishes |  XXX    |  DMG pg.193  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |62-63| Luck blade           |  XXX    |  DMG pg.179  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |64-65| Well of <br> many worlds  |  XXX    |  DMG pg.213  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |66-67| Wand of wonder       |  XXX    |  DMG pg.212  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |68-69\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | Ring of <br> djinni summoning       |  XXX    |  DMG pg.190  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |70-71| Bag of tricks        |  XXX    |  DMG pg.154  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |72-73| Tome of the <br> stilled tongue       |  XXX    |  DMG pg.208  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |74-75| Bag of beans         |  XXX    |  DMG pg.152  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |76-77\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | Staff of the magi    |  XXX    |  DMG pg.203  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |78-79| Talisman of <br> ultimate evil    |  61,440    |  DMG pg.207  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |80-81| Talisman of <br> pure good    |  71,680    |  DMG pg.207  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |82-83| Holy avenger         |  165,000    |  DMG pg.174  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |84-85\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | Rod absorption       |  50,000    |  DMG pg.195  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |86-87| Rod resurrection     |  XXX       |  DMG pg.197  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |88-89| Efreeti bottle       |  XXX       |  DMG pg.167  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 90  | Obsidian steed       |  128,000   |  DMG pg.170  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 91  | Manual of bodily <\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 br> health     |  XXX   |  DMG pg.180  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 92  | Manual of gainful <br> exercise  |  XXX   |  DMG pg.180  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 93  | Manual of quickness <br> of action  |  XXX   |  DMG pg.180  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 94  | Tome of clear <br> thought  |  XXX   |  DMG pg.208  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 95  | Tome of leadership <br> and influence  |  XXX   |  DMG pg.208  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 96  | Tome of <br> understanding  |  XXX   |  DMG pg.209  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 97  | Belt of frost/stone <br> giant strength |  50,000  \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506   |  DMG pg.155  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 98  | Belt of fire <br> giant strength |  90,000    |  DMG pg.155  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 99  | Belt of cloud <br> giant strength |  150,000    |  DMG pg.155  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 00  | Belt of storm <br> giant strength |  220,000    |  DMG pg.155  |
\par 
\par \\\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 columnbreak
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ## Ma\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 gic Item Table Ingredient Conversions
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 In order to give the players more opportunities to craft their own powerful items, you may want replace some of the magic items they find during their adventures with an equivalent amount of magic ingredients.  

\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 When\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  you are rolling for magic items for a treasure hoard, you can choose to replace any number of those rolls with ingredients of a rarity shown in the following table.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Magic Item Table| Equivalent Ingredients Roll|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:----------------------:|:--------------\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 --------------------:|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |     Magic Item Table A |     2d4 (5) Mundane Ingredients    |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |     Magic Item Table B |     2d4 (5) Common Ingredients     |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |     Magic Item Table C |     2d4 (5) Rare Ingredients       |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |     Magic Item Table D |     2d4 (5) Ep\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ic Ingredients       |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |     Magic Item Table E |     2d4 (5) Mythic Ingredients     |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |     Magic Item Table F |     1 Rare Ingredient              |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |     Magic Item Table G |     1 Epic Ingredient              |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |     Magic Item Table H |     1 Mythic I\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ngredient            |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |     Magic Item Table I |     4d4 (10) Mythic Ingredients    |
\par 
\par 
\par \\\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 pagebreakNum
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 # Part 3: Custom Crafting
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
Players can use magic ingredients they find throughout their adventures to create their own magic items with custom effects of their choosing. Crafting such an item requires proficiency with the appropriate artisan's tool, with different tools being used 
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 t\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 o craft different kinds of items. 
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
This section describes the process for crafting a custom item, defines the different types of items, and lists the different types of magical effects players can incorporate into their items.  For details on Ingredients 
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 and how they can be harvested, see <b> Part 1 </b>. 
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ### Tool Proficiencies
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 The tools capable of crafting the types of magical items listed in this document are: Cobbler\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 s Tools, Glassblower's Tools, Jeweler\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 
s Tools, Leatherworker\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 s Tools, Smith's Tools,\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  Weaver\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 s Tools, and Woodcarver\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 
s Tools.  Throughout the rest of this document, Woodcarver\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 s Tools will be referred to as Carver\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 s Tools, as these tools can also be used to craft items made from bone and stone.  
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 As a character\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 s Prof. Bonus increases, th\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
eir proficiency with their tools also increases, thus giving them access to more powerful magic effects that can be crafted into their items.  For the purposes of tool use and crafting, these proficiency levels are referred to as Apprentice, Journeyman, E
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 x\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
pert, Master, and Legend.  All magic item effects have a Proficiency Level at which they become available.  If a character has expertise in a tool, their Proficiency Level with that tool is twice their Prof. Bonus.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ##### Proficiency Levels
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | Proficiency L\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 evel |  Prof. Bonus  | Level Range| Labor Cost <br> (gp per hr.)
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:-----------------:|:-------------:| :---------:| :-----------------:|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  \{Prof Level 1\}   |      +2       |     1-4    |  4 |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  \{Prof Level 2\}   |      +3       |     5-8    |  12 |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  \{Pr\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 of Level 3\}   |      +4       |     9-12   |  28 |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  \{Prof Level 4\}   |      +5       |    13-16   |  60 |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  \{Prof Level 5\}   |      +6       |    17-20   |  120 |
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ### Crafting a Custom Magic Item
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 When crafting a custom magic item, the player can add up\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
 to three unique magic effects. Each magic effect has a Recipe that dictates the gp worth of Crafting Supplies that must be used in the item's creation along with what types of magic Ingredients must be amongst those supplies.  The specific descriptions a
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 n\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 d Recipes for these different effects can be found later in this section.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Crafting Supplies
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Crafting Supplies refer to anything with a gp value that contributes towards the magic item's creation.  Every magic effect has a Supply Cost, representing th\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
e gp value worth of Crafting Supplies that must be included in the item's creation to add the effect.  
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
Crafting Supplies can include any magic Ingredients that are usable by the artisan's tools being used to create the item. They can also include more abstract tools and reagents that can be purchased from vendors in larger towns and cities. Crafting Suppli
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 e\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
s bought this way are not considered to be magical Ingredients, and the DM may rule that a particular settlement does not have the means to provide such magical Crafting Supplies to players.  
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Additionally, if the item being crafted is a magic weapon, shi\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
eld, or suit of armor, the non-magical equivalent item, or enough supplies to create it, must be provided.  This is in addition to the Supply Costs dictated by the magic effect recipes.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 All Crafting Supplies used in an item's creation are consumed once th\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 e item is completed.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Ingredients
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Ingredients are magical materials that players find and harvest during their adventures.  Though they can come in many forms, for the purposes of crafting, the three descriptors that matter are: 
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 * <b>Rarity:</b> Det\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ermines the value in terms of gp
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 * <b>Material:</b> Determines how it can be used by different tools
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 * <b>Energy:</b> Different item effects require specific energies
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 No more than 10 Ingredients can be used at a time when crafting an item. For more inform\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ation on these properties and harvesting Ingredients in general, see <b> Part 1 </b>.

\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Adding Multiple Effects
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 If multiple magical effects are being added to an item, all the recipes for each magic effect must be met.  
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Additionally, if two effects a\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
re being built into an item, the total Supply Cost increases by one half.  For example, if an item is being crafted with two effects totaling to a Supply Cost of 1000gp, the final Supply Cost would be 1500gp.  
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 If three effects are being built into the it\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
em, the total Supply Cost is doubled.  For example, if an item is being created with three effect totaling to a Supply Cost of 2000gp, the final Supply Cost would be 4000gp.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 This represents the increased complexity in trying to combine multiple magical ef\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 fects into a single item.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Crafting Time
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 The Base Crafting Time is a baseline for how many working hours it will take to craft an item, and is shown in the <b>Labor Cost and Crafting Time</b> table on the next page.  However, the actual crafting time 
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 is dependent on the Proficiency Level of the crafter.  For each hour spent working on the item, subtract a number of hours equal to the crafter\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 
s Prof. Bonus from the Base Crafting Time. Subtract twice their Prof. Bonus if they have expertise in the tool.\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  When the Base Crafting Time reaches zero, the item is complete.

\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 A character may spend up to 8 hours a day and 40 hours a week working on an item.  Two characters with the relevant tool proficiencies can work on together on an item to add their Prof. Bonu
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ses and speed up crafting. 
\par 
\par \\\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 pagebreak
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
The crafting can also be started before you have all your Crafting Supplies.  You can complete a percentage of your crafting equal to the percentage of the Crafting Supplies you have provided.  For example, if your item requires 3000gp worth of Crafting S
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 u\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 pplies, and you have 2000gp worth of Crafting Supplies, you can complete up to two thirds of the crafting.  
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ##### Crafting Time
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | Effect Level | Base Crafting Time  (Hrs. Per Effect)  | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:-----------------:|:-------------:| 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  \{Prof Level 1\}   |      5\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 0       | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  \{Prof Level 2\}   |      75       |  
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  \{Prof Level 3\}   |      100      | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  \{Prof Level 4\}   |      125      | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  \{Prof Level 5\}   |      150      | 
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Labor Cost
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 If none of the player characters in your party have proficiency with th\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
e tools needed to craft an item, they may be able to find an NPC with the necessary skills.  NPCs with higher Proficiency Levels will generally be harder to find, and at the DM's discretion, the players may have to travel to large cities or remote locatio
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 n\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 s to find especially skilled artisans.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 The payment required for this crafting service is dependent on the skill level of the crafter and how many hours are being worked.  See the <b> Proficiency Levels </b> table on the previous page to see hourly cost of
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  crafters based on their proficiency. 
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ### Upgrading a Magic Item
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Some magic items can be modified and upgraded. This can involve empowering existing effects or adding new ones entirely. As part of upgrading an item, the crafter may also remove any existi
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ng effects.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Upgrading Effects to Higher Ranks
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 If an existing effect is being upgraded, the crafter must meet the proficiency requirements for the rank it is being upgraded to.  Each rank has its own recipe, and the crafter can upgrade an effect throu
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 gh multiple ranks at once as long as the cumulative requirements of all those recipes are met.  
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 If the item has two effects, then the Supply Cost for upgrading one of those effects to a higher rank is increased by one half.  If the item has three effects\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
, the Supply Cost is doubled instead.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 If the item is being upgraded through multiple ranks at once, treat the crafting time as though you are applying one effect with the proficiency level of the highest rank being added.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Adding New Effects
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
If a new effect is being added to the item, Crafting Supplies worth half the cost of the item must be provided in order to make it ready for the infusion of a new effect.  This must be done for each new effect being added. 
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 If the \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
new effect being added would be the item's second effect, the effect's Supply Cost is increased by one half.  If the new effect would be the item's third effect, the Supply Cost is doubled.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 The normal rules for determining crafting time and labor costs ap\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ply to upgraded and added effects.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ### Substituting Ingredients 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Magic effect recipes specify requirements for specific types of Ingredients at specific rarities.  When crafting, you may substitute a required Ingredient with a number of lesser Ingredients
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  that have the same required properties and at least the same combined value in gp.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 * For example, a requirement for an \{Rarity 4\} \{Material 5\} could be met with two \{Rarity 3\} \{Material 5\}s
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 * A requirement for an \{Rarity 4\} Ingredient with \{Energy 1\} Ene\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 rgy could be met with two \{Rarity 3\} Ingredients that both have \{Energy 1\} Energy
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Additionally, an Ingredient of greater value can replace a number of Ingredients with the same properties as it that are equal to or less than its gp value.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 * For example, o\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ne \{Rarity 5\} \{Energy 1\} \{Material 5\} used in a recipe would be equivalent to using five \{Rarity 4\} \{Energy 1\} \{Material 5\}s
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 <div class='classTable wide'>
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ##### Ingredient Exchange Rates
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | Rarity | \{Rarity 1\} | \{Rarity 2\} | \{Rarity 3\} | \{Rarity 4\} | \{Ra\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 rity 5\} | \{Rarity 6\} | \{Rarity 7\} | \{Rarity 8\} | \{Rarity 9\} | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:---: |:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |\{Rarity 1\}| 1 | 1/2 | 1/10 | 1/20 | 1/100 | 1/200 | 1/1000 | 1/2000 | 1/10000 | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |\{Rarity 2\}| 2 | 1\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  | 1/5 | 1/10 | 1/50 | 1/100 | 1/500 | 1/1000 | 1/5000 | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |\{Rarity 3\}| 10 | 5 | 1 | 1/2 | 1/10 | 1/20 | 1/100 | 1/200 | 1/1000 | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |\{Rarity 4\}| 20 | 10 | 2 | 1 | 1/5 | 1/10 | 1/50 | 1/100 | 1/500 | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |\{Rarity 5\}| 100 | 50 | 10 | 5 | 1 | 1/2 | 1/10 | 1/20 | 1\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 /100 | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |\{Rarity 6\}| 200 | 100 | 20 | 10 | 2 | 1 | 1/5 | 1/10 | 1/50 | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |\{Rarity 7\}| 1,000 | 500 | 100 | 50 | 10 | 5 | 1 | 1/2 | 1/10 | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |\{Rarity 8\}| 2,000 | 1,000 | 200 | 100 | 20 | 10 | 2 | 1 | 1/5 | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |\{Rarity 9\}| 10,000 | 5,000 | 1,000 | 500 | 100 | 50 | 10 | 5 | 1 | 
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 </div>
\par 
\par \\\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 pagebreakNum
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ## Item Types
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 The section on magic items in the DMG describes several different categories of mag\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
ic item which include weapons, armor, shields, rings, rods, staffs, and wands (DMG pg.139).  Other permanent items are lumped into a catch-all category known as Wondrous Items.  For the purposes of custom crafting, several other categories of magic item a
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 r\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 e defined below.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Bags
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Bags refer to any cloth or leather item that can be used to carry other items and includes backpacks and satchels.  
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Belts
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Belts refer to any item that is meant to be worn around the waist.  Belts can be made of cloth, leat\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 her, or metal.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Bracers
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Bracers are worn around the wrists or forearms and are typically made of metal or leather, though some magic bracers may be made of cloth.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Cloaks
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 For the purposes of custom crafting, cloaks can refer to any sort of outerwea\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 r, including capes.  They are typically made of cloth, furs, or leather.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Clothes
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Clothes refer to any cloth item that be be worn underneath armor.  These tend to be pants and shirts, but could also include other items such as scarfs or even undergarme\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 nts. 

\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Footwear
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Footwear is typically boots or shoes, but could include sandals, slippers, or even clogs.  Footwear is primarily the domain of cobblers and can be made from a variety of materials.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Glasses
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Glasses are made by glassblowers and inclu\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 de spectacles, monocles, and goggles.  These items can generally be worn in conjunction with headgear.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Gloves
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Gloves refer to any item meant to be worn across the hands.  Gloves are generally made from cloth and leather, but this category also include\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 s metal gauntlets.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Headgear
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Headgear refers to any item that is meant to be worn on the head or over the majority of the face. Headgear can be made from a variety of materials and includes includes hats, masks, helmets, crowns, and circlets.

\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Hors\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 eshoes
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Horseshoes are the equivalent to footwear for hoofed creatures, including hooved animals and humanoids.  Attaching horseshoes takes 10 minutes and can be done as part of a short or long rest.
\par 
\par \\\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 columnbreak
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Jewelry
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Jewelry refers to brooches, pendants\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 , necklaces, and any other wearable accessory made from gems or precious metals.  Unless stated otherwise, this category includes rings.

\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Robes
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Robes are made of cloth and can be worn over armor or other sets of cloths.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Saddles
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Saddles are any gen\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 erally made of leather and are worn by creatures serving as mounts.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Wearable Items
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Some magic item effects can only be applied to wearable items.  Wearable items include: armor, belts, bracers, cloaks, footwear, glasses, gloves, headgear, horseshoes, \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
jewelry, and saddles.  Unless stated otherwise, if a wearable item has a magic effect that targets its user, the user must be wearing the item to receive the benefits of the effect.
\par 
\par \\\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 pagebreakNum
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ## Crafting Tools
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 This section lists the artisan's tools c\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
apable of crafting custom magic items and the options available to each of them.  This includes lists of the effects available for each set of artisan's tools, organized by their proficiency requirements.  For more details on the different effects and the
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 i\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 r recipes, see the <b> Magic Item Effects </b> section.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Each set of tools has one or more Primary Material Types that represents the most important material needed for crafting custom items with that tool.  If an item has multiple Primary Material Types, 
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 you must choose which type you are using for the item being crafted.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Each set of tools also has a list of Invalid Material Types that indicate which types of materials cannot be used when crafting custom items with this tool.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ### Carver's Tools
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 <b> Craft\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
able Item Types: </b> Bludgeoning Weapons, Daggers, Spears, Javelins, Ranged Weapons (Except Darts), Medium Armor, Rings, Rods, Staffs, Wands, Shields, Bracers, Headgear<br>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 <b> Primary Material Type: </b> \{Material 1\} or \{Material 11\} <br>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 <b> Invalid Mat\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 erial Types: </b> \{Material 8\} and \{Material 7\}
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ##### \{Prof Level 1\}
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |    Magic Effect   | Required Energy|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:-----------------:| :-------------:|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Assisted Escape | \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 5\}, \{Energy 2\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Beacon          | \{Energy 11\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Buoyant         | \{Energy 2\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Cognizant       | \{Energy 11\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Detecting       | \{Energy 9\} or \{Energy 11\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Determined      | \{Energy 7\} or \{\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Energy 1\}    |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Dread - 1       | \{Energy 6\} or \{Energy 11\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Energy Weapon   | Varies    |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Extinguishing - 1, 2 | \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 6\} or \{Energy 2\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | Intimidating - 1  |  \{Energy 5\}, \{Energy 8\}, \{Energy 11\}, or \{Energy 6\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Invigorating \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     |  \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 1\}, or \{Energy 12\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | Life Draining - 1 | \{Energy 8\} or \{Energy 6\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Light - 1        | \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 1\} or \{Energy 5\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Light Devouring  | \{Energy 6\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Lightning - 1    | \{Energy 4\} or \{Energy 7\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Malleable \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506        | \{Energy 10\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Recovery - 1     | \{Energy 12\}, or \{Energy 2\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | Seeking Spells    | \{Energy 10\}, or \{Energy 5\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Shifting         | \{Energy 5\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Skill Boosting - 1 | \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 8\}, or \{Energy 5\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Slowing - 1      | \{Energy 10\}\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 , \{Energy 3\}, or \{Energy 2\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Spell Infused - Cantrip | Varies  |
\par 
\par \\\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 columnbreak
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |                   |                |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:-----------------:| :-------------:|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Spell Reflecting - 1 | \{Energy 10\} or \{Energy 5\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Toppling - 1     | \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 3\},\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  or \{Energy 12\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Tricky           | \{Energy 4\} or \{Energy 5\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Venomous - 1     | \{Energy 5\}, \{Energy 8\}, or \{Energy 12\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Vicious - 1, 2   | \{Energy 8\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Vindicating      | \{Energy 7\} or \{Energy 9\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Weightless       | \{Energy 4\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Withering - 1    | \{Energy 6\} |
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ##### \{Prof Level 2\}
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |    Magic Effect   | Required Energy|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:-----------------:|:-------------:| 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Replacement: <br> Dexterity \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - 10, 11, 12| \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 10\}, \{Energy 5\}, or \{Energy 2\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Replacement: <br> Wisdom - 10, 11, 12| \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 9\}, or \{Energy 12\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Boost: <br> Dexterity - 1 |  \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 10\}, \{Energy 5\}, or \{Energy 2\} | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability B\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 oost: <br> Wisdom - 1| \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 9\}, or \{Energy 12\} | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Arrow Catching <br> Shield - 1|  \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 9\}, or \{Energy 11\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Cold Proof      | \{Energy 1\} or \{Energy 2\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Concussive      | \{Energy 3\} or \{Energy 12\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Coordinating  \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506   | \{Energy 9\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Deceptive       | \{Energy 10\} or \{Energy 8\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Devouring       | \{Energy 6\} or \{Energy 8\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Dread - 2       | \{Energy 6\} or \{Energy 11\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Elven Armor: Medium| \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 5\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Energy Empowered - 1|  Varies |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Engulf\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ing       | \{Energy 12\} or \{Energy 2\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Extinguishing - 3, 4 | \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 6\} or \{Energy 2\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Feather Falling |  \{Energy 4\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Force Empowered - 1|  \{Energy 9\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Force Weapon    |  \{Energy 9\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Heat Proof      | \{Energy 1\} or \{Energy 2\}\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Inflicting - 1  | Varies |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | Intimidating - 2  |  \{Energy 5\}, \{Energy 8\}, \{Energy 11\}, or \{Energy 6\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | Life Draining - 2 | \{Energy 8\} or \{Energy 6\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Light - 2        | \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 1\} or \{Energy 5\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Lightning - 2    | \{Energy 4\} or \{Energy 7\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Magic Weapon - 1 | None |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Mighty - 1       | \{Energy 3\} or \{Energy 12\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Poison Proof - 1 | \{Energy 3\} or \{Energy 8\} |
\par 
\par \\\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 pagebreakNum
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506                 |                |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:-----------------:| :-------------:|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Protection       | \{Energy 3\} or \{Energy 9\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Returning        |\{Energy 4\} or \{Energy 11\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Skill Boosting - 2 | \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 8\}, or \{Energy 5\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Slaying - 1      | \{\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Energy 6\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Slowing - 2      | \{Energy 10\}, \{Energy 3\}, or \{Energy 2\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Spell Infused - 1, 2 | Varies |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Spell Reflecting - 2, 3 | \{Energy 10\} or \{Energy 5\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Spell Wand - Lesser | Varies |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Stunning - 1     | \{Energy 3\}, or \{Energy 12\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Topplin\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 g - 2     | \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 3\}, or \{Energy 12\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Venomous - 2     | \{Energy 5\}, \{Energy 8\}, or \{Energy 12\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Vicious - 3, 4   | \{Energy 8\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Withering - 2    | \{Energy 6\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  War Mage - 1     | \{Energy 10\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Warding          | \{Energy 9\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Water Breathing  | \{Energy 4\} or \{Energy 2\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Wounding         | \{Energy 8\}, \{Energy 1\}, <br> or \{Energy 6\} |
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ##### \{Prof Level 3\}
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |    Magic Effect   | Required Energy|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:-----------------:|:-------------:| 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Replacement: <br> Dexterity - 13, 14| \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 10\}, \{Energy 5\}, or \{Energy 2\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Replacement: <br>  Wisdom - 13, 14| \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 9\}, or \{Energy 12\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Boost: Dexterity - 2 |  \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 10\}, \{Energy 5\}, or\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  \{Energy 2\} | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Boost: Wisdom - 2 | \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 9\}, or \{Energy 12\} | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Arrow Catching Shield - 2, 3|  \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 9\}, or \{Energy 11\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | Camouflage        | \{Energy 5\} or \{Energy 12\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Disease Proof - 1, 2 | \{Energy 3\} or \{Energy 12\}\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Dread - 3       | \{Energy 6\} or \{Energy 11\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Energy Empowered - 2|  Varies |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Extinguishing - 5  | \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 6\} or \{Energy 2\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Force Empowered - 2|  \{Energy 9\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | Inflicting - 2, 3 | Varies |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Intercepting    |\{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 3\}\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 , or \{Energy 9\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | Intimidating - 3  |  \{Energy 5\}, \{Energy 8\}, \{Energy 11\}, or \{Energy 6\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | Life Draining - 3 | \{Energy 8\} or \{Energy 6\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Light - 3        | \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 1\} or \{Energy 5\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Lightning - 3, 4 | \{Energy 4\} or \{Energy 7\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506   Magic Armor/Shield - 1 | None |
\par 
\par \\\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 columnbreak
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |      | |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:-----------------:|:-------------:|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Magic Weapon - 2 | None |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Mighty - 2       | \{Energy 3\} or \{Energy 12\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Omniscient       | \{Energy 9\} or \{Energy 11\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Paralyzing - 1   | \{Energy 4\} or \{Energy 9\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Poison Proof - 2 | \{Energy 3\} or \{Energy 8\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Recovery - 2     | \{Energy 12\}, or \{Energy 2\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Resistance       | Varies    |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Skill Boosting - 3 | \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 8\}, or \{Energy 5\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Slaying \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - 2      | \{Energy 6\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Slowing - 3      | \{Energy 10\}, \{Energy 3\}, or \{Energy 2\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Spell Infused - 3, 4 | Varies |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Spell Reflecting - 4 | \{Energy 10\} or \{Energy 5\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Spell Storing - 1, 2 | \{Energy 9\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Stunning - 2     | \{Energy 3\}, or \{Energy 12\}\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Swift Weapon     | \{Energy 4\} or \{Energy 10\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Talented         | \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 8\}, or \{Energy 5\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Toppling - 3     | \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 3\}, or \{Energy 12\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Vengeful         | \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 8\}, or \{Energy 1\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Venomous - 3 \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     | \{Energy 5\}, \{Energy 8\}, or \{Energy 12\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Vicious - 5      | \{Energy 8\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  War Mage - 2     | \{Energy 10\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Withering - 3    | \{Energy 6\} |
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ##### \{Prof Level 4\}
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |    Magic Effect   | Required Energy|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:-----------------:|:-------------:| 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Abi\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 lity Replacement: <br> Dexterity - 15| \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 10\}, \{Energy 5\}, or \{Energy 2\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Replacement: <br> Wisdom - 15| \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 9\}, or \{Energy 12\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Boost: Dexterity - 3, 4 |  \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 10\}, \{Energy 5\}, or \{Energy 2\}\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Boost: Wisdom - 3, 4 | \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 9\}, or \{Energy 12\} | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Arrow Catching Shield - 4|  \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 9\}, or \{Energy 11\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Animated Shield  | \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 9\}, or \{Energy 11\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Dread - 4       | \{Energy 6\} or \{Energy 11\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Energy Empowered - 3|  Varies |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Force Empowered - 3|  \{Energy 9\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Inflicting - 4  | Varies |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | Intimidating - 4  |  \{Energy 5\}, \{Energy 8\}, \{Energy 11\}, or \{Energy 6\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Invisibility    | \{Energy\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  4\} or \{Energy 5\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | Life Draining - 4 | \{Energy 8\} or \{Energy 6\}  |
\par 
\par \\\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 pagebreakNum
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |      | |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:-----------------:|:-------------:|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Lightning - 5    | \{Energy 4\} or \{Energy 7\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Magic Armor/Shield - 2 | None |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Mighty - 3       | \{Energy 3\} or \{\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Energy 12\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Mind Shielding   | \{Energy 9\} or \{Energy 11\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Paralyzing - 2   | \{Energy 4\} or \{Energy 9\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Sentinel         | \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 9\}, or \{Energy 11\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Skill Boosting - 4 | \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 8\}, or \{Energy 5\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Slaying - 3, 4 \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506   | \{Energy 6\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Slowing - 4      | \{Energy 10\}, \{Energy 3\}, or \{Energy 2\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | Spell Infused - 5 | Varies |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Spell Reflecting - 5 | \{Energy 10\} or \{Energy 5\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Spell Staff - 1, 2, 3, 4 | Varies |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Spell Storing - 3 | \{Energy 9\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Spell Wand - Greater \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | Varies |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Stunning - 3     | \{Energy 3\}, or \{Energy 12\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Toppling - 4     | \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 3\}, or \{Energy 12\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Venomous - 4     | \{Energy 5\}, \{Energy 8\}, or \{Energy 12\} | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Withering - 4    | \{Energy 6\} |
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ##### \{Prof Level 5\}
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |    Magic Effect   | Required Energy|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:-----------------:|:-------------:| 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Replacement: <br> Dexterity - 16, 17, 18, 19, 20| \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 10\}, \{Energy 5\}, or \{Energy 2\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Replacement: <br> Wisdom - 16, 17, 18\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 , 19, 20| \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 9\}, or \{Energy 12\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Boost: Dexterity - 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 |  \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 10\}, \{Energy 5\}, or \{Energy 2\} | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Boost: Wisdom - 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 | \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 9\}, or \{Energy 12\} | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Arrow Catchi\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ng Shield - 5|  \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 9\}, or \{Energy 11\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Dread - 5       | \{Energy 6\} or \{Energy 11\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Energy Empowered - 4, 5|  Varies |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Force Empowered - 4, 5|  \{Energy 9\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Inflicting - 5  | Varies |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | Intimidating - 5  |  \{Energy 5\}, \{Energy \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 8\}, \{Energy 11\}, or \{Energy 6\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | Life Draining - 5 | \{Energy 8\} or \{Energy 6\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Magic Armor/Shield - 3 | None |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Magic Weapon - 3 | None |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Mighty - 4, 5    | \{Energy 3\} or \{Energy 12\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Proof Against Detection | \{Energy 10\} or \{Energy 5\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  P\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 aralyzing - 3   | \{Energy 4\} or \{Energy 9\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Skill Boosting - 5 | \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 8\}, or \{Energy 5\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Slaying - 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10| \{Energy 6\} |
\par 
\par \\\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 columnbreak
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |      | |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:-----------------:|:-------------:|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Slowing - 5      | \{Energy 10\}, \{Energy\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  3\}, or \{Energy 2\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Spell Deflecting | \{Energy 9\} or \{Energy 12\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Spell Infused - 6, 7, 8, 9 | Varies |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Spell Reflecting - 6, 7, 8, 9 | \{Energy 10\} or \{Energy 5\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Spell Resistance | \{Energy 9\} or \{Energy 12\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Spell Staff - 5, 6, 7, 8, 9 | Varies |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Spell Storing - 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9 | \{Energy 9\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Stunning - 4     | \{Energy 3\}, or \{Energy 12\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Toppling - 5     | \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 3\}, or \{Energy 12\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Venomous - 5     | \{Energy 5\}, \{Energy 8\}, or \{Energy 12\} | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  War Mage - 3     | \{Energy 10\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Withering - 5    | \{Energy 6\} |
\par 
\par \\\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 pagebreakNum
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ### Cobbler's Tools
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 <b> Craftable Item Types: </b> Footwear <br>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 <b> Primary Material Type: </b> \{Material 2\}\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 , \{Material 6\}, or \{Material 11\} <br>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 <b> Invalid Material Types: </b> \{Material 8\} and \{Material 10\}
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ##### \{Prof Level 1\}
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |    Magic Effect   | Required Energy|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:-----------------:|:-------------:|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Assisted Escape | \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 5\}, \{Energy \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 2\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Beacon          | \{Energy 11\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Buoyant         | \{Energy 2\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Cognizant       | \{Energy 11\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Determined       | \{Energy 7\} or \{Energy 1\}    |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Extinguishing - 1, 2 | \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 6\} or \{Energy 2\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Invigorating     |  \{E\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 nergy 7\}, \{Energy 1\}, or \{Energy 12\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Light - 1        | \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 1\} or \{Energy 5\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Light Devouring  | \{Energy 6\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Malleable        | \{Energy 10\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Shifting         | \{Energy 5\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Skill Boosting - 1 | \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 8\}, or \{Energy 5\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Spell Infused - Cantrip | Varies |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Weightless       | \{Energy 4\} |
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ##### \{Prof Level 2\}
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |    Magic Effect   | Required Energy|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:-----------------:|:-------------:| 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Replacement: <\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 br> Dexterity - 10, 11, 12| \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 10\}, \{Energy 5\}, or \{Energy 2\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Replacement: <br> Strength - 10, 11, 12| \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 3\}, \{Energy 8\}, \{Energy 1\} or \{Energy 12\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Boost: <br> Dexterity - 1| \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 10\}, \{E\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 nergy 5\}, or \{Energy 2\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Boost: <br> Strength - 1| \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 3\}, \{Energy 8\}, \{Energy 1\} or \{Energy 12\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Cold Proof      | \{Energy 1\} or \{Energy 2\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Devouring       | \{Energy 6\} or \{Energy 8\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Evasion         | \{Energy 4\}, \{E\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 nergy 5\}, or \{Energy 2\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Extinguishing - 3, 4 | \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 6\} or \{Energy 2\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Feather Falling |  \{Energy 4\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Heat Proof      | \{Energy 1\} or \{Energy 2\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Light - 2        | \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 1\} or \{Energy 5\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | Magma Tread       |\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  \{Energy 8\} or \{Energy 1\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Skill Boosting - 2 | \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 8\}, or \{Energy 5\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Speed - 1, 2    | \{Energy 4\}    |
\par \\\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 columnbreak
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |                    |             |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:-----------------:|:-------------:|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Spell Infused - 1, 2 | Varies |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Sp\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ringing - 1, 2 | \{Energy 4\} or \{Energy 12\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Striding         | \{Energy 4\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Water Walking    | \{Energy 2\} |
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ##### \{Prof Level 3\}
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |    Magic Effect   | Required Energy|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:-----------------:|:-------------:| 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Replacement: <br> Dexterity - 13, 14| \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 10\}, \{Energy 5\}, or \{Energy 2\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Replacement: <br> Strength - 13, 14| \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 3\}, \{Energy 8\}, \{Energy 1\} or \{Energy 12\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Boost: <br> Dexterity - 2| \{Energy 4\}, \{\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Energy 10\}, \{Energy 5\}, or \{Energy 2\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Boost: <br> Strength - 2| \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 3\}, \{Energy 8\}, \{Energy 1\} or \{Energy 12\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Aquatic         |  \{Energy 2\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Camouflage        | \{Energy 5\} or \{Energy 12\}
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | Earth Tread       | \{Energy 3\} \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Extinguishing - 5  | \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 6\} or \{Energy 2\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | Forest Tread      |  \{Energy 5\} or \{Energy 12\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | Ice Tread         |  \{Energy 2\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Light - 3        | \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 1\} or \{Energy 5\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Mountaineering   |  \{Energy 8\} or \{Ener\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 gy 12\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Skill Boosting - 3 | \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 8\}, or \{Energy 5\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Speed - 3       | \{Energy 4\}    |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Spell Infused - 3, 4 | Varies |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Spider Climbing  | \{Energy 8\} or \{Energy 12\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Talented         | \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 8\}, or \{Energy 5\} |
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ##### \{Prof Level 4\}
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |    Magic Effect   | Required Energy|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:-----------------:|:-------------:| 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Replacement: <br> Dexterity - 15| \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 10\}, \{Energy 5\}, or \{Energy 2\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Replacement: <br> Strength - 15| \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 3\}, \{Energy 8\}, \{Energy 1\} or \{Energy 12\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Boost: <br> Dexterity - 3, 4| \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 10\}, \{Energy 5\}, or \{Energy 2\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Boost: <br> Strength - 3, 4| \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 3\}, \{Energy 8\}, \{Energy 1\} or \{Energy 12\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | Free Tread        |  \{Energy 3\} or \{Energy 12\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Skill Boosting - 4 | \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 8\}, or \{Energy 5\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Speed - 4    | \{Energy 4\}    |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | Spel\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 l Infused - 5 | Varies |
\par \\\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 pagebreakNum
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ##### \{Prof Level 5\}
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |    Magic Effect   | Required Energy|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:-----------------:|:-------------:| 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Replacement: <br> Dexterity - 16, 17, 18, 19, 20| \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 10\}, \{Energy 5\}, or \{Energy 2\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Abili\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ty Replacement: <br> Strength - 16, 17, 18, 19, 20| \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 3\}, \{Energy 8\}, \{Energy 1\} or \{Energy 12\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Boost: <br> Dexterity - 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10| \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 10\}, \{Energy 5\}, or \{Energy 2\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Boost: <br> Strength - 5, 6,\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  7, 8, 9, 10| \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 3\}, \{Energy 8\}, \{Energy 1\} or \{Energy 12\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Free Movement    |  \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 5\}, or \{Energy 2\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Skill Boosting - 5 | \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 8\}, or \{Energy 5\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Speed - 5, 6    | \{Energy 4\}    |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Spell Infused \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - 6, 7, 8, 9 | Varies |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Winged          | \{Energy 4\}    |
\par 
\par \\\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 columnbreak
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ### Glassblower's Tools
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 <b> Craftable Item Types: </b> Daggers, Rods, Wands, Glasses <br>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 <b> Primary Material Type: </b> \{Material 10\} <br>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 <b> Invalid Material Types: </b> \{Mate\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 rial 1\}, \{Material 2\}, \{Material 3\}, \{Material 6\}, \{Material 8\}, \{Material 9\}, and \{Material 11\}
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ##### \{Prof Level 1\}
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |    Magic Effect   | Required Energy|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:-----------------:| :-------------:|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Beacon          | \{Energy 11\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Buoyant         | \{Energy 2\}  | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Cognizant       | \{Energy 11\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Determined       | \{Energy 7\} or \{Energy 1\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Detecting        | \{Energy 9\} or \{Energy 11\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Dread - 1       | \{Energy 6\} or \{Energy 11\}\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506   |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Energy Weapon    | Varies    |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Extinguishing - 1, 2 | \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 6\} or \{Energy 2\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | Intimidating - 1  |  \{Energy 5\}, \{Energy 8\}, \{Energy 11\}, or \{Energy 6\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Invigorating     |  \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 1\}, or \{Energy 12\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | Life Drainin\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 g - 1 | \{Energy 8\} or \{Energy 6\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Light - 1        | \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 1\} or \{Energy 5\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Light Devouring  | \{Energy 6\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Lightning - 1    | \{Energy 4\} or \{Energy 7\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Malleable        | \{Energy 10\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | Seeking Spells    | \{Energy 10\}, or \{\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Energy 5\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Shifting         | \{Energy 5\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Skill Boosting - 1 | \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 8\}, or \{Energy 5\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Slowing - 1      | \{Energy 10\}, \{Energy 3\}, or \{Energy 2\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Spell Infused - Cantrip | Varies |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Spell Reflecting - 1 | \{Energy 10\} or \{Energy 5\}\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Tricky           | \{Energy 4\} or \{Energy 5\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Venomous - 1     | \{Energy 5\}, \{Energy 8\}, or \{Energy 12\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Vicious - 1, 2   | \{Energy 8\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Vindicating      | \{Energy 7\} or \{Energy 9\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Weightless       | \{Energy 4\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Withering - 1    |\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  \{Energy 6\} |
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ##### \{Prof Level 2\}
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |    Magic Effect   | Required Energy|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:-----------------:|:-------------:| 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Replacement: <br> Charisma - 10, 11, 12| \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 5\}, or \{Energy 1\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Replacement: <br> Intelligence - 10, 11, 12| \{Energy 10\}, \{Energy 11\}, or \{Energy 2\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Replacement: <br> Wisdom - 10, 11, 12| \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 9\},\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  or \{Energy 12\}|
\par \\\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 pagebreakNum
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |                    |             |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:-----------------:|:-------------:| 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Boost: Charisma - 1| \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 5\}, or \{Energy 1\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Boost: Intelligence - 1| \{Energy 10\}, \{Energy 11\}, or \{Energy 2\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ab\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ility Boost: Wisdom - 1| \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 9\}, or \{Energy 12\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Coordinating    | \{Energy 9\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Darkvision      | \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 12\}, or \{Energy 6\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Deceptive       | \{Energy 10\} or \{Energy 8\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Devouring       | \{Energy 6\} or \{Energy 8\}\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Dread - 2       | \{Energy 6\} or \{Energy 11\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Energy Empowered - 1|  Varies |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Extinguishing - 3, 4 | \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 6\} or \{Energy 2\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Force Empowered - 1|  \{Energy 9\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Force Weapon    |  \{Energy 9\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Inflicting - 1  | Varies |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | In\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 timidating - 2  |  \{Energy 5\}, \{Energy 8\}, \{Energy 11\}, or \{Energy 6\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | Life Draining - 2 | \{Energy 8\} or \{Energy 6\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Light - 2        | \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 1\} or \{Energy 5\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Lightning - 2    | \{Energy 4\} or \{Energy 7\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Magic Weapon - 1 | N\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 one |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Mighty - 1       | \{Energy 3\} or \{Energy 12\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Returning        |\{Energy 4\} or \{Energy 11\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Skill Boosting - 2 | \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 8\}, or \{Energy 5\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Slaying - 1      | \{Energy 6\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Slowing - 2      | \{Energy 10\}, \{Energy 3\}, or \{Energy 2\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Spell Infused - 1, 2 | Varies |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Spell Reflecting - 2, 3 | \{Energy 10\} or \{Energy 5\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Spell Wand - Lesser | Varies |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Stunning - 1     | \{Energy 3\}, or \{Energy 12\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Venomous - 2     | \{\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Energy 5\}, \{Energy 8\}, or \{Energy 12\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Vicious - 3, 4   | \{Energy 8\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  War Mage - 1     | \{Energy 10\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Withering - 2    | \{Energy 6\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Wounding         | \{Energy 8\}, \{Energy 1\}, <br> or \{Energy 6\} |
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ##### \{Prof Level 3\}
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |    Magic Effect   \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | Required Energy|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:-----------------:|:-------------:| 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Replacement: <br> Charisma - 13, 14| \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 5\}, or \{Energy 1\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Replacement: <br> Intelligence - 13, 14| \{Energy 10\}, \{Energy 11\}, or \{Energy 2\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Replacement:\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  <br> Wisdom - 13, 14| \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 9\}, or \{Energy 12\}|
\par 
\par \\\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 columnbreak
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |                   |               |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:-----------------:|:-------------:|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Boost: Charisma - 2| \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 5\}, or \{Energy 1\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Boost: Intelligence - 2|\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  \{Energy 10\}, \{Energy 11\}, or \{Energy 2\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Boost: Wisdom - 2| \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 9\}, or \{Energy 12\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Dread - 3       | \{Energy 6\} or \{Energy 11\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Energy Empowered - 2|  Varies |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ethereal Sight - 1 |  \{Energy 9\} or \{Energy 11\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Extinguishing - 5  | \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 6\} or \{Energy 2\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Force Empowered - 2|  \{Energy 9\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | Inflicting - 2, 3 | Varies |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | Intimidating - 3  |  \{Energy 5\}, \{Energy 8\}, \{Energy 11\}, or \{Energy 6\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  Life Draining - 3 | \{Energy 8\} or \{Energy 6\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Light - 3        | \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 1\} or \{Energy 5\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Lightning - 3, 4 | \{Energy 4\} or \{Energy 7\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Magic Weapon - 2 | None |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Mighty - 2       | \{Energy 3\} or \{Energy 12\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Omniscient      \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  | \{Energy 9\} or \{Energy 11\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Paralyzing - 1   | \{Energy 4\} or \{Energy 9\}  |c
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Skill Boosting - 3 | \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 8\}, or \{Energy 5\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Slaying - 2      | \{Energy 6\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Slowing - 3      | \{Energy 10\}, \{Energy 3\}, or \{Energy 2\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Spell Infused \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - 3, 4 | Varies |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Spell Reflecting - 4 | \{Energy 10\} or \{Energy 5\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Spell Storing - 1, 2 | \{Energy 9\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Stunning - 2     | \{Energy 3\}, or \{Energy 12\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Swift Weapon     | \{Energy 4\} or \{Energy 10\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Talented         | \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 8\}, or \{\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Energy 5\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Time Stealing    | \{Energy 10\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Vengeful         | \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 8\}, or \{Energy 1\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Venomous - 3     | \{Energy 5\}, \{Energy 8\}, or \{Energy 12\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Vicious - 5      | \{Energy 8\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  War Mage - 2     | \{Energy 10\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Withering\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  - 3    | \{Energy 6\} |
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ##### \{Prof Level 4\}
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |    Magic Effect   | Required Energy|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:-----------------:|:-------------:| 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Replacement: <br> Charisma - 15| \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 5\}, or \{Energy 1\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Replacement: <br> Intelligence - 15| \{Energy 10\}, \{Energy 11\}, or \{Energy 2\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Replacement: <br> Wisdom - 15| \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 9\}, or \{Energy 12\}|
\par \\\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 pagebr\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 eakNum
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |                   |               |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:-----------------:|:-------------:| 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Boost: Charisma - 3, 4| \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 5\}, or \{Energy 1\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Boost: Intelligence - 3, 4| \{Energy 10\}, \{Energy 11\}, or \{Energy 2\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Boost: Wisd\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 om - 2| \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 9\}, or \{Energy 12\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Dread - 4       | \{Energy 6\} or \{Energy 11\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Energy Empowered - 3|  Varies |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Force Empowered - 3|  \{Energy 9\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Inflicting - 4  | Varies |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | Intimidating - 4  |  \{Energy 5\}, \{Energy 8\}, \{Energy 11\}\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 , or \{Energy 6\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | Life Draining - 4 | \{Energy 8\} or \{Energy 6\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Lightning - 5    | \{Energy 4\} or \{Energy 7\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Mighty - 3       | \{Energy 3\} or \{Energy 12\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Paralyzing - 2   | \{Energy 4\} or \{Energy 9\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Sentinel         | \{Energy 4\}, \{Ener\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 gy 9\}, or \{Energy 11\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Skill Boosting - 4 | \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 8\}, or \{Energy 5\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Slaying - 3, 4      | \{Energy 6\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Slowing - 4      | \{Energy 10\}, \{Energy 3\}, or \{Energy 2\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Spell Infused - 5 | Varies |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Spell Reflecting - 5 | \{Energy 10\} or \{\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Energy 5\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Spell Storing - 3 | \{Energy 9\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Spell Wand - Greater | Varies |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Stunning - 3     | \{Energy 3\}, or \{Energy 12\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  True Seeing - 1  | \{Energy 9\} or \{Energy 11\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Venomous - 4     | \{Energy 5\}, \{Energy 8\}, or \{Energy 12\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Withering - 4    | \{Energy 6\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  X-Ray Vision - 1 | \{Energy 10\} |
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ##### \{Prof Level 5\}
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |    Magic Effect   | Required Energy|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:-----------------:|:-------------:| 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Replacement: \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 <br> Charisma - 16, 17, 18, 19, 20| \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 5\}, or \{Energy 1\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Replacement: <br> Intelligence - 16, 17, 18, 19, 20| \{Energy 10\}, \{Energy 11\}, or \{Energy 2\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Replacement: <br> Wisdom - 16, 17, 18, 19, 20| \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 9\}\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 , or \{Energy 12\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Boost: Charisma - 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10| \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 5\}, or \{Energy 1\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Boost: Intelligence - 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10| \{Energy 10\}, \{Energy 11\}, or \{Energy 2\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Boost: Wisdom - 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10| \{Energy 7\}, \{Ene\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 rgy 9\}, or \{Energy 12\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Dread - 5       | \{Energy 6\} or \{Energy 11\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Energy Empowered - 4, 5|  Varies |
\par \\\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 columnbreak
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |                   |               |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:-----------------:|:-------------:| 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ethereal Sight - 2 |  \{Energy 9\} or \{Energy 11\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Fo\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 rce Empowered - 4, 5|  \{Energy 9\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Inflicting - 5  | Varies |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | Intimidating - 5  |  \{Energy 5\}, \{Energy 8\}, \{Energy 11\}, or \{Energy 6\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | Life Draining - 5 | \{Energy 8\} or \{Energy 6\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Magic Weapon - 3 | None |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Mighty - 4, 5    | \{Energy 3\} o\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 r \{Energy 12\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Paralyzing - 3   | \{Energy 4\} or \{Energy 9\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Skill Boosting - 5 | \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 8\}, or \{Energy 5\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Slaying - 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10| \{Energy 6\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Spell Infused - 6, 7, 8, 9 | Varies |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Spell Reflecting - 6, 7, 8, 9 | \{Energy 10\} or \{Energy 5\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Spell Storing - 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9 | \{Energy 9\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Stunning - 4     | \{Energy 3\}, or \{Energy 12\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Slowing - 5      | \{Energy 10\}, \{Energy 3\}, or \{Energy 2\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  True Seeing - 2  | \{Energy 9\}\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  or \{Energy 11\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Venomous - 5     | \{Energy 5\}, \{Energy 8\}, or \{Energy 12\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  War Mage - 3     | \{Energy 10\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Withering - 5    | \{Energy 6\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  X-Ray Vision - 2 | \{Energy 10\} |
\par 
\par \\\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 pagebreakNum
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ### Jewler's Tools
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 <b> Craftable Item Types:</b> Hea\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 dgear, Jewelry, Rods, Wands <br>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 <b> Primary Material Type:</b> \{Material 5\} <br>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 <b> Invalid Material Types:</b> \{Material 1\}, \{Material 2\}, \{Material 3\}, \{Material 6\}, \{Material 8\}, \{Material 9\}, and \{Material 11\}
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ##### \{Prof Level 1\}
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |    Magic Effect \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506   |Required Energy|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:-----------------:|:-------------:|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Assisted Escape | \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 5\}, \{Energy 2\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Beacon          | \{Energy 11\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Buoyant         | \{Energy 2\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Cognizant       | \{Energy 11\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Detecting        | \{Energ\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 y 9\} or \{Energy 11\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Determined       | \{Energy 7\} or \{Energy 1\}    |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Extinguishing - 1, 2 | \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 6\} or \{Energy 2\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | Intimidating - 1  |  \{Energy 5\}, \{Energy 8\}, \{Energy 11\}, or \{Energy 6\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Invigorating     |  \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 1\}, or \{Energy 12\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Light - 1        | \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 1\} or \{Energy 5\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Light Devouring  | \{Energy 6\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Malleable       \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  | \{Energy 10\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Recovery - 1     | \{Energy 12\}, or \{Energy 2\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | Seeking Spells    | \{Energy 10\}, or \{Energy 5\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Shifting         | \{Energy 5\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Skill Boosting - 1 | \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 8\}, or \{Energy 5\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Spell Infused - Cantrip | Varies |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Weightless       | \{Energy 4\} |
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ##### \{Prof Level 2\}
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |    Magic Effect   | Required Energy|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:-----------------:|:-------------:| 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Replacement: <br> Charisma - 10, 11, 12| \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 5\}, or \{Energy 1\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Replacement: <br> Constit\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ution - 10, 11, 12 | \{Energy 3\}, \{Energy 8\}, \{Energy 9\}, \{Energy 12\}, or \{Energy 6\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Replacement: <br> Dexterity - 10, 11, 12| \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 10\}, \{Energy 5\}, or \{Energy 2\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Replacement: <br> Intelligence - 10, 11, 12| \{Energy 10\}, \{\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Energy 11\}, or \{Energy 2\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Replacement: <br> Strength - 10, 11, 12| \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 3\}, \{Energy 8\}, \{Energy 1\} or \{Energy 12\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Replacement: <br> Wisdom - 10, 11, 12| \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 9\}, or \{Energy 12\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Boost: Charisma - 1\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 5\}, or \{Energy 1\} |
\par \\\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 columnbreak
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |                   |               |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:-----------------:|:-------------:| 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Boost: Constitution - 1| \{Energy 3\}, \{Energy 8\}, \{Energy 9\}, \{Energy 12\}, or \{Energy 6\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Boost: Dexterity - 1| \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 10\}, \{Energy 5\}, or \{Energy 2\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Boost: Intelligence - 1| \{Energy 10\}, \{Energy 11\}, or \{Energy 2\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Boost: Strength - 1| \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 3\}, \{Energy 8\}, \{Energy 1\} or \{Energy 12\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Abil\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ity Boost: Wisdom - 1| \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 9\}, or \{Energy 12\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Cold Proof      | \{Energy 1\} or \{Energy 2\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Devouring       | \{Energy 6\} or \{Energy 8\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | Extinguishing - 3, 4  | \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 6\} or \{Energy 2\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Feather Falling |  \{Energy \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 4\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Gem of Power - 1 | \{Energy 10\} or \{Energy 1\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Heat Proof      | \{Energy 1\} or \{Energy 2\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | Intimidating - 2  |  \{Energy 5\}, \{Energy 8\}, \{Energy 11\}, or \{Energy 6\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Light - 2        | \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 1\} or \{Energy 5\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Poison Pro\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 of - 1 | \{Energy 3\} or \{Energy 8\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Protection       | \{Energy 3\} or \{Energy 9\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Skill Boosting - 2 | \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 8\}, or \{Energy 5\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Spell Infused - 1, 2 | Varies |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Spell Wand - Lesser | Varies |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   War Mage - 1    | \{Energy 10\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Wardi\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ng          | \{Energy 9\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Water Breathing  | \{Energy 4\} or \{Energy 2\} |
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ##### \{Prof Level 3\}
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |    Magic Effect   | Required Energy|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:-----------------:|:-------------:| 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Replacement: <br> Charisma - 13, 14| \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 5\}, or \{Energy\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  1\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Replacement: <br> Constitution - 13, 14 | \{Energy 3\}, \{Energy 8\}, \{Energy 9\}, \{Energy 12\}, or \{Energy 6\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Replacement: <br> Dexterity - 13, 14| \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 10\}, \{Energy 5\}, or \{Energy 2\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Replacement: <br> Intellige\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 nce - 13, 14| \{Energy 10\}, \{Energy 11\}, or \{Energy 2\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Replacement: <br> Strength - 13, 14| \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 3\}, \{Energy 8\}, \{Energy 1\} or \{Energy 12\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Replacement: <br> Wisdom - 13, 14| \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 9\}, or \{Energy 12\}|
\par \\\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 pagebreakNum
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |                   |               |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:-----------------:|:-------------:| 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Boost: Charisma - 2| \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 5\}, or \{Energy 1\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability B\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 oost: Constitution - 2| \{Energy 3\}, \{Energy 8\}, \{Energy 9\}, \{Energy 12\}, or \{Energy 6\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Boost: Dexterity - 2| \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 10\}, \{Energy 5\}, or \{Energy 2\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Boost: Intelligence - 2| \{Energy 10\}, \{Energy 11\}, or \{Energy 2\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability B\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 oost: Strength - 2| \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 3\}, \{Energy 8\}, \{Energy 1\} or \{Energy 12\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Boost: Wisdom - 2| \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 9\}, or \{Energy 12\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Disease Proof - 1, 2 | \{Energy 3\} or \{Energy 12\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Extinguishing - 5  | \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 6\} or \{Energ\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 y 2\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Gem of Power - 2 | \{Energy 10\}  or \{Energy 1\}   |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | Intimidating - 3  |  \{Energy 5\}, \{Energy 8\}, \{Energy 11\}, or \{Energy 6\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Light - 3        | \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 1\} or \{Energy 5\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Poison Proof - 2 | \{Energy 3\} or \{Energy 8\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Recove\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ry - 2     | \{Energy 12\}, or \{Energy 2\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Resistance       | Varies    |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Skill Boosting - 3 | \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 8\}, or \{Energy 5\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Soul Storing     | \{Energy 6\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Spell Infused - 3, 4 | Varies |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Spell Storing - 1, 2 | \{Energy 9\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Talented   \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506       | \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 8\}, or \{Energy 5\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  War Mage - 2     | \{Energy 10\} |
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ##### \{Prof Level 4\}
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |    Magic Effect   | Required Energy|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:-----------------:|:-------------:| 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Replacement: <br> Charisma - 15| \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 5\}, or \{Energy 1\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Replacement: <br> Constitution - 15 | \{Energy 3\}, \{Energy 8\}, \{Energy 9\}, \{Energy 12\}, or \{Energy 6\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Replacement: <br> Dexterity - 15| \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 10\}, \{Energy 5\}, or \{Energy 2\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Replacement: <br> Intelligence - 15| \{Energy 10\}, \{Energy 11\}, or \{Energy 2\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Replacement: <br> Strength - 15| \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 3\}, \{Energy 8\}, \{Energy 1\} or \{Energy 12\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Replacement: <br> Wisdo\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 m - 105| \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 9\}, or \{Energy 12\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Boost: Charisma - 3, 4| \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 5\}, or \{Energy 1\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Boost: Constitution - 3, 4| \{Energy 3\}, \{Energy 8\}, \{Energy 9\}, \{Energy 12\}, or \{Energy 6\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Boost: Dexterity - 3, 4|\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 10\}, \{Energy 5\}, or \{Energy 2\}|
\par \\\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 columnbreak
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |                   |               |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:-----------------:|:-------------:| 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Boost: Intelligence - 3, 4| \{Energy 10\}, \{Energy 11\}, or \{Energy 2\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Boost: Strength - 3, 4| \{\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Energy 7\}, \{Energy 3\}, \{Energy 8\}, \{Energy 1\} or \{Energy 12\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Boost: Wisdom - 3, 4| \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 9\}, or \{Energy 12\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Gem of Power - 3, 4| \{Energy 10\}  or \{Energy 1\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | Intimidating - 4  |  \{Energy 5\}, \{Energy 8\}, \{Energy 11\}, or \{Energy \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 6\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Invisibility    | \{Energy 4\} or \{Energy 5\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Mind Shielding   | \{Energy 9\} or \{Energy 11\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Sentinel         | \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 9\}, or \{Energy 11\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Skill Boosting - 4 | \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 8\}, or \{Energy 5\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Spell Infused - 5 | Var\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ies |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Spell Storing - 3 | \{Energy 9\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Spell Wand - Greater | Varies |
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ##### \{Prof Level 5\}
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |    Magic Effect   | Required Energy|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:-----------------:|:-------------:| 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Replacement: <br> Charisma - 16. 17, 18, 19, 20| \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 5\}, or \{Energy 1\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Replacement: <br> Constitution - 16, 17, 18, 19, 20| \{Energy 3\}, \{Energy 8\}, \{Energy 9\}, \{Energy 12\}, or \{Energy 6\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Replacement: <br> Dexte\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 rity - 16, 17, 18, 19, 20| \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 10\}, \{Energy 5\}, or \{Energy 2\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Replacement: <br> Intelligence - 16, 17, 18, 19, 20| \{Energy 10\}, \{Energy 11\}, or \{Energy 2\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Replacement: <br> Strength - 16, 17, 18, 19, 20| \{Energy 7\}, \{Ene\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 rgy 3\}, \{Energy 8\}, \{Energy 1\} or \{Energy 12\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Replacement: <br> Wisdom - 16, 17, 18, 19, 20| \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 9\}, or \{Energy 12\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Boost: Charisma - 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10| \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 5\}, or \{Energy 1\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Boost: Constitutio\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 n - 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10| \{Energy 3\}, \{Energy 8\}, \{Energy 9\}, \{Energy 12\}, or \{Energy 6\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Boost: Dexterity - 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10| \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 10\}, \{Energy 5\}, or \{Energy 2\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Boost: Intelligence - 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10| \{Energy 10\}, \{Energy\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  11\}, or \{Energy 2\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Boost: Strength - 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10| \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 3\}, \{Energy 8\}, \{Energy 1\} or \{Energy 12\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Boost: Wisdom - 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10| \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 9\}, or \{Energy 12\}|
\par \\\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 pagebreakNum
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |                   |      \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506          |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:-----------------:|:-------------:|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Gem of Power - 5, 6, 7, 8, 9| \{Energy 10\} or \{Energy 1\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | Intimidating - 5  |  \{Energy 5\}, \{Energy 8\}, \{Energy 11\}, or \{Energy 6\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Proof Against Detection | \{Energy 10\} or \{Energy 5\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Skill Boosting\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  - 5 | \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 8\}, or \{Energy 5\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Spell Deflecting | \{Energy 9\} or \{Energy 12\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Spell Infused - 6, 7, 8, 9 | Varies |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Spell Resistance | \{Energy 9\} or \{Energy 12\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Spell Storing - 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9 | \{Energy 9\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  War Mage - 3     |\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  \{Energy 10\} |
\par 
\par \\\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 columnbreak
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ### Leatherworker's Tools
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 <b> Craftable Item Types: </b> Slings, Whips, Light and Medium Armor, Shields, Bags, Belts, Bracers, Cloaks, Gloves, Headgear, Saddles <br>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 <b> Primary Material Type: </b> \{Material 6\} <br>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 <b> Invalid Material Types: </b> \{Material 7\}, \{Material 8\}, \{Mate\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 rial 10\}
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ##### \{Prof Level 1\}
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |    Magic Effect   |Required Energy| 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:-----------------:|:-------------:| 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Assisted Escape | \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 5\}, \{Energy 2\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Beacon          | \{Energy 11\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Buoyant         | \{Energy 2\}  | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Cognizant\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506        | \{Energy 11\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Detecting        | \{Energy 9\} or \{Energy 11\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Determined       | \{Energy 7\} or \{Energy 1\}   | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Dread - 1       | \{Energy 6\} or \{Energy 11\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Elven Armor: Light, Medium| \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 5\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Energy Weapon    | Vari\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 es    |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Extinguishing - 1, 2 | \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 6\} or \{Energy 2\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Holding - 1, 2  | \{Energy 10\} or \{Energy 9\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Invigorating     |  \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 1\}, or \{Energy 12\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | Life Draining - 1 | \{Energy 8\} or \{Energy 6\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Light - 1        | \{\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Energy 7\}, \{Energy 1\} or \{Energy 5\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Light Devouring  | \{Energy 6\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Malleable        | \{Energy 10\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Recovery - 1     | \{Energy 12\}, or \{Energy 2\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Shifting         | \{Energy 5\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Skill Boosting - 1 | \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 8\}, or \{Energy 5\}\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Slowing - 1      | \{Energy 10\}, \{Energy 3\}, or \{Energy 2\}   |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Spell Infused - Cantrip | Varies |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Spell Reflecting - 1 | \{Energy 10\} or \{Energy 5\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Tricky           | \{Energy 4\} or \{Energy 5\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Venomous - 1     | \{Energy 5\}, \{Energy 8\}, or \{Energy 12\}
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Vicious - 1, 2   | \{Energy 8\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Vicious - 2      | \{Energy 8\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Vindicating      | \{Energy 7\} or \{Energy 9\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Weightless       | \{Energy 4\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Withering - 1    | \{Energy 6\} |
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #####\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  \{Prof Level 2\}
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |    Magic Effect   | Required Energy|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:-----------------:|:-------------:| 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Replacement: <br> Constitution - 10, 11, 12| \{Energy 3\}, \{Energy 8\}, \{Energy 9\}, \{Energy 12\}, or \{Energy 6\}|
\par 
\par \\\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 pagebreakNum
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |                   |       \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506         |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:-----------------:|:-------------:| 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Replacement: <br> Dexterity - 10, 11, 12| \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 10\}, \{Energy 5\}, or \{Energy 2\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Replacement: <br> Intelligence - 10, 11, 12| \{Energy 10\}, \{Energy 11\}, or \{Energy 2\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Replacement: <br> Wisdom - 10, 11, 12| \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 9\}, or \{Energy 12\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Boost: Constitution - 1| \{Energy 3\}, \{Energy 8\}, \{Energy 9\}, \{Energy 12\}, or \{Energy 6\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Boost: Dexterity - 1| \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 10\}, \{Energy 5\}, or \{Energy \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 2\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Boost: Intelligence - 1| \{Energy 10\}, \{Energy 11\}, or \{Energy 2\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Boost: Wisdom - 1| \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 9\}, or \{Energy 12\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Arrow Catching Shield - 1|  \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 9\}, or \{Energy 11\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Cold Proof      | \{Energy 1\} or \{En\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ergy 2\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Coordinating    | \{Energy 9\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Dancing Weapon - 1 | \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 9\}, or \{Energy 11\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Deceptive       | \{Energy 10\} or \{Energy 8\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Devouring       | \{Energy 6\} or \{Energy 8\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Dread - 2       | \{Energy 6\} or \{Energy 11\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Elven Armor: Light, Medium| \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 5\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Energy Empowered - 1|  Varies |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Engulfing       | \{Energy 12\} or \{Energy 2\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Evasion         | \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 5\}, or \{Energy 2\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Extin\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 guishing - 3, 4  | \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 6\} or \{Energy 2\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Feather Falling |  \{Energy 4\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Force Empowered - 1|  \{Energy 9\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Force Weapon    |  \{Energy 9\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Heat Proof      | \{Energy 1\} or \{Energy 2\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Holding - 3, 4  | \{Energy 10\} or \{Energ\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 y 9\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Inflicting - 1  | Varies |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | Life Draining - 2 | \{Energy 8\} or \{Energy 6\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Light - 2        | \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 1\} or \{Energy 5\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Magic Weapon - 1 | None |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Mighty - 1       | \{Energy 3\} or \{Energy 12\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Poison Proof - 1 | \{Energy \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 3\} or \{Energy 8\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Protection       | \{Energy 3\} or \{Energy 9\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Skill Boosting - 2 | \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 8\}, or \{Energy 5\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Slaying - 1      | \{Energy 6\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Slowing - 2      | \{Energy 10\}, \{Energy 3\}, or \{Energy 2\} |
\par 
\par \\\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 columnbreak
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |     | |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:-\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ----------------:|:-------------:| 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Spell Infused - 1, 2 | Varies |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Spell Reflecting - 2, 3 | \{Energy 10\} or \{Energy 5\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Stunning - 1     | \{Energy 3\}, or \{Energy 12\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Venomous - 2     | \{Energy 5\}, \{Energy 8\}, or \{Energy 12\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Vicious - 3, 4   | \{Energy 8\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Water Breathing  | \{Energy 4\} or \{Energy 2\} |
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ##### \{Prof Level 3\}
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |    Magic Effect   | Required Energy|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:-----------------:|:-------------:| 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Replacement: <br> Constitution - 13, 14| \{Energy 3\}, \{Energy 8\}, \{Energy 9\}, \{Energy 12\}, or \{Energy 6\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Replacement: <br> Dexterity - 13, 14| \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 10\}, \{Energy 5\}, or \{Energy 2\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Replacement: <br> Intelligence - 13, 14| \{E\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 nergy 10\}, \{Energy 11\}, or \{Energy 2\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Replacement: <br> Wisdom - 13, 14| \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 9\}, or \{Energy 12\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Boost: Constitution - 2| \{Energy 3\}, \{Energy 8\}, \{Energy 9\}, \{Energy 12\}, or \{Energy 6\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Boost: Dexterity - 2| \{Ene\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 rgy 4\}, \{Energy 10\}, \{Energy 5\}, or \{Energy 2\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Boost: Intelligence - 2| \{Energy 10\}, \{Energy 11\}, or \{Energy 2\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Boost: Wisdom - 2| \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 9\}, or \{Energy 12\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Arrow Catching Shield - 2, 3|  \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 9\}, or \{Energ\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 y 11\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Aquatic         |  \{Energy 2\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | Camouflage        | \{Energy 5\} or \{Energy 12\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Dancing Weapon - 2, 3| \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 9\}, or \{Energy 11\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Disease Proof - 1, 2 | \{Energy 3\} or \{Energy 12\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Dread - 3       | \{Energy 6\} or \{Energy 11\}\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506   |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Energy Empowered - 2|  Varies |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Extinguishing - 5  | \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 6\} or \{Energy 2\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Force Empowered - 2|  \{Energy 9\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | Holding - 5, 6, 7 | \{Energy 10\} or \{Energy 9\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | Inflicting - 2, 3 | Varies |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Intercepting    |\{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 3\}\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 , or \{Energy 9\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | Life Draining - 3 | \{Energy 8\} or \{Energy 6\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Light - 3        | \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 1\} or \{Energy 5\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Magic Armor/Shield - 1 | None |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Magic Weapon - 2 | None |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Mighty - 2       | \{Energy 3\} or \{Energy 12\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Missile Snaring - 1| \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 9\}, or \{Energy 2\}|
\par 
\par \\\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 pagebreakNum
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |     | |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:-----------------:|:-------------:| 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Mountaineering   |  \{Energy 8\} or \{Energy 12\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Omniscient       | \{Energy\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  9\} or \{Energy 11\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Paralyzing - 1   | \{Energy 4\} or \{Energy 9\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Recovery - 2     | \{Energy 12\}, or \{Energy 2\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Resistance       | Varies    |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Skill Boosting - 3 | \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 8\}, or \{Energy 5\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Slaying - 2      | \{Energy 6\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Sl\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 owing - 3      | \{Energy 10\}, \{Energy 3\}, or \{Energy 2\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Spell Infused - 3, 4 | Varies |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Spell Reflecting - 4 | \{Energy 10\} or \{Energy 5\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Stunning - 2     | \{Energy 3\}, or \{Energy 12\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Swift Weapon     | \{Energy 4\} or \{Energy 10\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Talented   \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506       | \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 8\}, or \{Energy 5\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Vengeful         | \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 8\}, or \{Energy 1\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Venomous - 3     | \{Energy 5\}, \{Energy 8\}, or \{Energy 12\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Vicious - 5      | \{Energy 8\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Warding          | \{Energy 9\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Withering \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - 2, 3 | \{Energy 6\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Wounding         | \{Energy 8\}, \{Energy 1\}, or \{Energy 6\} |
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ##### \{Prof Level 4\}
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |    Magic Effect   | Required Energy|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:-----------------:|:-------------:| 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Replacement: <br> Constitution - 15| \{Energy 3\}, \{Energy 8\}, \{Energy 9\}, \{Energy 12\}, or \{Energy 6\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Replacement: <br> Dexterity - 15| \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 10\}, \{Energy 5\}, or \{Energy 2\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Replacement: <br> Intelligence - 15| \{Ener\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 gy 10\}, \{Energy 11\}, or \{Energy 2\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Replacement: <br> Wisdom - 15| \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 9\}, or \{Energy 12\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Boost: Constitution - 3, 4| \{Energy 3\}, \{Energy 8\}, \{Energy 9\}, \{Energy 12\}, or \{Energy 6\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Boost: Dexterity - 3, 4| \{Ener\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 gy 4\}, \{Energy 10\}, \{Energy 5\}, or \{Energy 2\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Boost: Intelligence - 3, 4| \{Energy 10\}, \{Energy 11\}, or \{Energy 2\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Boost: Wisdom - 3, 4| \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 9\}, or \{Energy 12\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Animated Shield  | \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 9\}, or \{Energy 11\}\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Arrow Catching Shield - 4|  \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 9\}, or \{Energy 11\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Dancing Weapon - 4, 5| \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 9\}, or \{Energy 11\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Dread - 4       | \{Energy 6\} or \{Energy 11\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Energy Empowered - 3|  Varies |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Force Empowered - 3|  \{Energy 9\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Holding - 8, 9, 10 | \{Energy 10\} or \{Energy 9\}|
\par \\\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 columnbreak
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |     | |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:-----------------:|:-------------:| 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Inflicting - 4  | Varies |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Invisibility    | \{Energy 4\} or \{Energy 5\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | Life Draining - 4 | \{Energy 8\} or \{Energy 6\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Magic Armo\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 r/Shield - 2 | None |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Mighty - 3       | \{Energy 3\} or \{Energy 12\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Mind Shielding   | \{Energy 9\} or \{Energy 11\}  ||
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Missile Snaring - 2, 3 | \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 9\}, or \{Energy 2\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Paralyzing - 2   | \{Energy 4\} or \{Energy 9\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Sentinel         | \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 9\}, or \{Energy 11\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Skill Boosting - 4 | \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 8\}, or \{Energy 5\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Slaying - 3, 4   | \{Energy 6\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Slowing - 4      | \{Energy 10\}, \{Energy 3\},\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  or \{Energy 2\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Spell Infused - 5  | Varies |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Spell Reflecting - 5 | \{Energy 10\} or \{Energy 5\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Stunning - 3     | \{Energy 3\}, or \{Energy 12\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Venomous - 4     | \{Energy 5\}, \{Energy 8\}, or \{Energy 12\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Withering - 4    | \{Energy 6\} |
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ##### \{\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Prof Level 5\}
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |    Magic Effect   | Required Energy|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:-----------------:|:-------------:| 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Replacement: <br> Constitution - 16, 17, 18, 19, 20| \{Energy 3\}, \{Energy 8\}, \{Energy 9\}, \{Energy 12\}, or \{Energy 6\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Replacement: <br> Dexterity -\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  16, 17, 18, 19, 20| \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 10\}, \{Energy 5\}, or \{Energy 2\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability: Intelligence - 16, 17, 18, 19, 20| \{Energy 10\}, \{Energy 11\}, or \{Energy 2\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability: Wisdom - 16, 17, 18, 19, 20| \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 9\}, or \{Energy 12\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Boost: Co\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 nstitution - 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10| \{Energy 3\}, \{Energy 8\}, \{Energy 9\}, \{Energy 12\}, or \{Energy 6\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Boost: Dexterity - 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10| \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 10\}, \{Energy 5\}, or \{Energy 2\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Boost: Intelligence - 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10| \{Energy 10\}\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 , \{Energy 11\}, or \{Energy 2\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Boost: Wisdom - 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10| \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 9\}, or \{Energy 12\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Arrow Catching Shield - 5|  \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 9\}, or \{Energy 11\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Displacing      | \{Energy 5\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Dread - 5       | \{Energy 6\} or \{\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Energy 11\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Energy Empowered - 4, 5|  Varies |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Force Empowered - 4, 5|  \{Energy 9\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Free Movement    |  \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 5\}, or \{Energy 2\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Inflicting - 5  | Varies |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | Life Draining - 5 | \{Energy 8\} or \{Energy 6\}  |
\par 
\par \\\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 pagebreakNum
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |      | |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:-----------------:|:-------------:| 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Magic Armor/Shield - 3 | None |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Magic Weapon - 3 | None |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Mighty - 4, 5    | \{Energy 3\} or \{Energy 12\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Paralyzing - 3   | \{Ener\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 gy 4\} or \{Energy 9\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Proof Against Detection | \{Energy 10\} or \{Energy 5\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Skill Boosting - 5 | \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 8\}, or \{Energy 5\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Slaying - 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10| \{Energy 6\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Slowing - 5      | \{Energy 10\}, \{Energy 3\}, or \{Energy 2\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Spell D\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 eflecting | \{Energy 9\} or \{Energy 12\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Spell Infused - 6, 7, 8, 9 | Varies |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Spell Reflecting - 6, 7, 8, 9 | \{Energy 10\} or \{Energy 5\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Spell Resistance | \{Energy 9\} or \{Energy 12\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Stunning - 4     | \{Energy 3\}, or \{Energy 12\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Venomous - 5 \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     | \{Energy 5\}, \{Energy 8\}, or \{Energy 12\} | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Winged          | \{Energy 4\}    |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Withering - 5    | \{Energy 6\} |
\par 
\par \\\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 columnbreak
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ### Smith's Tools
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 <b> Craftable Item Types: </b> Melee Weapons, Darts, Medium and Heavy Armor, Shields, Rings, Rods, Bel\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ts, Bracers, Gloves, 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Headgear, Horseshoes  <br>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 <b> Primary Material Type: </b> \{Material 7\} <br>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 <b> Invalid Materials: </b> \{Material 2\}, \{Material 8\}, \{Material 9\}, \{Material 10\}
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ##### \{Prof Level 1\}
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |    Magic Effect   | Required Energy| 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:-----------------:|:-------------:|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Assisted Escape | \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 5\}, \{Energy 2\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Beacon  \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506         | \{Energy 11\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Buoyant         | \{Energy 2\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Cognizant       | \{Energy 11\}  | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Detecting        | \{Energy 9\} or \{Energy 11\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Determined       | \{Energy 7\} or \{Energy 1\}    |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Dread - 1       | \{Energy 6\} or \{Energy 11\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  En\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ergy Weapon    | Varies    |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Extinguishing - 1, 2 | \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 6\} or \{Energy 2\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | Intimidating - 1  |  \{Energy 5\}, \{Energy 8\}, \{Energy 11\}, or \{Energy 6\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Invigorating     |  \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 1\}, or \{Energy 12\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | Life Draining - 1 | \{\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Energy 8\} or \{Energy 6\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Light - 1        | \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 1\} or \{Energy 5\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Light Devouring  | \{Energy 6\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Lightning - 1    | \{Energy 4\} or \{Energy 7\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Malleable        | \{Energy 10\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Recovery - 1     | \{Energy 12\}, or \{Energy 2\}\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506   |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | Seeking Spells    | \{Energy 10\}, or \{Energy 5\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Shifting         | \{Energy 5\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Skill Boosting - 1 | \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 8\}, or \{Energy 5\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Slowing - 1      | \{Energy 10\}, \{Energy 3\}, or \{Energy 2\}   |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Spell Infused - Cantrip | Varies |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Sp\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ell Reflecting - 1 | \{Energy 10\} or \{Energy 5\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Toppling - 1     | \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 3\}, or \{Energy 12\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Tricky           | \{Energy 4\} or \{Energy 5\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Venomous - 1     | \{Energy 5\}, \{Energy 8\}, or \{Energy 12\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Vicious - 1, 2   | \{Energy 8\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Vindicating      | \{Energy 7\} or \{Energy 9\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Weightless       | \{Energy 4\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Withering - 1    | \{Energy 6\} |
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ##### \{Prof Level 2\}
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |    Magic Effect\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506    | Required Energy|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:-----------------:|:-------------:| 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Replacement: <br> Constitution - 10, 11, 12| \{Energy 3\}, \{Energy 8\}, \{Energy 9\}, \{Energy 12\}, or \{Energy 6\}|
\par 
\par \\\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 pagebreakNum
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |      | |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:-----------------:|:-------------:| 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Re\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 placement: <br> Intelligence - 10, 11, 12| \{Energy 10\}, \{Energy 11\}, or \{Energy 2\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Replacement: <br> Strength - 10, 11, 12| \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 3\}, \{Energy 8\}, \{Energy 1\} or \{Energy 12\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Boost: <br> Constitution - 1| \{Energy 3\}, \{Energy \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 8\}, \{Energy 9\}, \{Energy 12\}, or \{Energy 6\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Boost: <br> Intelligence - 1| \{Energy 10\}, \{Energy 11\}, or \{Energy 2\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Boost: <br> Strength - 1| \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 3\}, \{Energy 8\}, \{Energy 1\} or \{Energy 12\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Arrow Catching Shield - 1|  \{Ener\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 gy 4\}, \{Energy 9\}, or \{Energy 11\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Cold Proof      | \{Energy 1\} or \{Energy 2\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Concussive      | \{Energy 3\} or \{Energy 12\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Coordinating    | \{Energy 9\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Dancing Weapon - 1 | \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 9\}, or \{Energy 11\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Deceptive       | \{E\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 nergy 10\} or \{Energy 8\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Devouring       | \{Energy 6\} or \{Energy 8\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Dread - 2       | \{Energy 6\} or \{Energy 11\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Elven Armor: Medium| \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 5\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Energy Empowered - 1|  Varies |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Extinguishing - 3, 4 | \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 6\} or \{Energy 2\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Engulfing       | \{Energy 12\} or \{Energy 2\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Force Empowered - 1|  \{Energy 9\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Force Weapon    |  \{Energy 9\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Heat Proof      | \{Energy 1\} or \{Energy 2\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Horse Shoes of Speed - 1\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  | \{Energy 4\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Inflicting - 1  | Varies |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | Intimidating - 2  |  \{Energy 5\}, \{Energy 8\}, \{Energy 11\}, or \{Energy 6\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | Life Draining - 2 | \{Energy 8\} or \{Energy 6\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Light - 2        | \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 1\} or \{Energy 5\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Lightning - 2    |\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  \{Energy 4\} or \{Energy 7\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Magic Weapon - 1 | None |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Mighty - 1       | \{Energy 3\} or \{Energy 12\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Poison Proof - 1 | \{Energy 3\} or \{Energy 8\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Returning        |\{Energy 4\} or \{Energy 11\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Skill Boosting - 2 | \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 8\}, or \{Ene\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 rgy 5\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Slaying - 1      | \{Energy 6\} |
\par 
\par \\\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 columnbreak
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |     | |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:-----------------:|:-------------:| 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Slowing - 2      | \{Energy 10\}, \{Energy 3\}, or \{Energy 2\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Spell Infused - 1, 2 | Varies |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Spell Reflecting - 2, 3 | \{Energy 10\} or \{Energy 5\}\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Stunning - 1     | \{Energy 3\}, or \{Energy 12\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Toppling - 2     | \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 3\}, or \{Energy 12\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Venomous - 2     | \{Energy 5\}, \{Energy 8\}, or \{Energy 12\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Vicious - 3, 4   | \{Energy 8\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Withering - 2    | \{Energy 6\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  War Mage - 1     | \{Energy 10\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Water Breathing  | \{Energy 4\} or \{Energy 2\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Wounding         | \{Energy 8\}, \{Energy 1\}, or \{Energy 6\} |
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ##### \{Prof Level 3\}
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |    Magic Effect   | Required Energy|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:-----------\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ------:|:-------------:| 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Replacement: <br> Constitution - 13, 14| \{Energy 3\}, \{Energy 8\}, \{Energy 9\}, \{Energy 12\}, or \{Energy 6\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Replacement: <br> Intelligence - 13, 14| \{Energy 10\}, \{Energy 11\}, or \{Energy 2\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Replacement: <br\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 > Strength - 13, 14| \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 3\}, \{Energy 8\}, \{Energy 1\} or \{Energy 12\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Boost: <br> Constitution - 2| \{Energy 3\}, \{Energy 8\}, \{Energy 9\}, \{Energy 12\}, or \{Energy 6\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Boost: <br> Intelligence - 2| \{Energy 10\}, \{Energy 11\}, or \{\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Energy 2\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Boost: <br> Strength - 2| \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 3\}, \{Energy 8\}, \{Energy 1\} or \{Energy 12\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Arrow Catching Shield - 2|  \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 9\}, or \{Energy 11\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Arrow Catching Shield - 3|  \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 9\}, or \{Energy 11\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Aqua\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 tic          |  \{Energy 2\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Dancing Weapon - 2, 3| \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 9\}, or \{Energy 11\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Disease Proof - 1, 2 | \{Energy 3\} or \{Energy 12\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Dissolving - 3  | \{Energy 8\}, \{Energy 12\}, or \{Energy 2\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Dread - 3       | \{Energy 6\} or \{Energy 11\}\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506   |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Elven Armor: Heavy | \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 5\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Energy Empowered - 2|  Varies |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Extinguishing - 5  | \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 6\} or \{Energy 2\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Force Empowered - 2|  \{Energy 9\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Horse Shoes of Speed - 2, 3 | \{Energy 4\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | Inflicting - 2, 3 | Varies |
\par 
\par \\\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 pagebreakNum
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |     | |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:-----------------:|:-------------:| 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Intercepting    |\{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 3\}, or \{Energy 9\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | Intimidating - 3  |  \{Energy 5\}, \{Energy 8\}, \{Energy 11\}, or \{Energy 6\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | Life Draining - 3 | \{\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Energy 8\} or \{Energy 6\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Light - 3        | \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 1\} or \{Energy 5\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Lightning - 3, 4 | \{Energy 4\} or \{Energy 7\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Magic Armor/Shield - 1 | None |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Magic Weapon - 2 | None |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Mighty - 2       | \{Energy 3\} or \{Energy 12\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Mou\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ntaineering   |  \{Energy 8\} or \{Energy 12\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | Omniscient       | \{Energy 9\} or \{Energy 11\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Paralyzing - 1   | \{Energy 4\} or \{Energy 9\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Poison Proof - 2 | \{Energy 3\} or \{Energy 8\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Poison Proof - 2 | \{Energy 3\} or \{Energy 8\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Recovery - \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 2     | \{Energy 12\}, or \{Energy 2\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Resistance       | Varies    |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Skill Boosting - 3 | \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 8\}, or \{Energy 5\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Slaying - 2      | \{Energy 6\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Slowing - 3      | \{Energy 10\}, \{Energy 3\}, or \{Energy 2\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Spell Infused - 3, 4 | Va\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ries |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Spell Reflecting - 4 | \{Energy 10\} or \{Energy 5\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Spell Storing - 1, 2 | \{Energy 9\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Stunning - 2     | \{Energy 3\}, or \{Energy 12\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Swift Weapon     | \{Energy 4\} or \{Energy 10\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Talented         | \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 8\}, or \{Energy 5\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Toppling - 3     | \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 3\}, or \{Energy 12\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Vengeful         | \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 8\}, or \{Energy 1\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Venomous - 3     | \{Energy 5\}, \{Energy 8\}, or \{Energy 12\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Vici\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ous - 5      | \{Energy 8\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  War Mage - 2     | \{Energy 10\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Withering - 3    | \{Energy 6\} |
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ##### \{Prof Level 4\}
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |    Magic Effect   | Required Energy|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:-----------------:|:-------------:| 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Replacement: <br> Constitution - 15| \{Energy 3\},\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  \{Energy 8\}, \{Energy 9\}, \{Energy 12\}, or \{Energy 6\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Replacement: <br> Intelligence - 15| \{Energy 10\}, \{Energy 11\}, or \{Energy 2\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Replacement: <br> Strength - 15| \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 3\}, \{Energy 8\}, \{Energy 1\} or \{Energy 12\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Bo\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ost: <br> Constitution - 3, 4| \{Energy 3\}, \{Energy 8\}, \{Energy 9\}, \{Energy 12\}, or \{Energy 6\}|
\par 
\par \\\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 columnbreak
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |     | |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:-----------------:|:-------------:| 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Boost: <br> Intelligence - 3, 4| \{Energy 10\}, \{Energy 11\}, or \{Energy 2\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Boost\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 : <br> Strength - 3, 4| \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 3\}, \{Energy 8\}, \{Energy 1\} or \{Energy 12\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Animated Shield  | \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 9\}, or \{Energy 11\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Arrow Catching Shield - 4|  \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 9\}, or \{Energy 11\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Dancing Weapon - 4, 5| \{Energy 4\}, \{\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Energy 9\}, or \{Energy 11\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Dread - 4       | \{Energy 6\} or \{Energy 11\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Energy Empowered - 3|  Varies |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Force Empowered - 3|  \{Energy 9\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Inflicting - 4  | Varies |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | Intimidating - 4  |  \{Energy 5\}, \{Energy 8\}, \{Energy 11\}, or \{Energy 6\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Invisibility    | \{Energy 4\} or \{Energy 5\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | Life Draining - 4 | \{Energy 8\} or \{Energy 6\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Lightning - 5    | \{Energy 4\} or \{Energy 7\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Magic Armor/Shield - 2 | No\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ne |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Mighty - 3       | \{Energy 3\} or \{Energy 12\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Mind Shielding   | \{Energy 9\} or \{Energy 11\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Paralyzing - 2   | \{Energy 4\} or \{Energy 9\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Sentinel         | \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 9\}, or \{Energy 11\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Skill Boosting - 4 | \{Energy 7\}, \{Ene\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 rgy 8\}, or \{Energy 5\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Slaying - 3, 4   | \{Energy 6\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Slowing - 4      | \{Energy 10\}, \{Energy 3\}, or \{Energy 2\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Spell Infused - 5  | Varies |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Spell Reflecting - 5 | \{Energy 10\} or \{Energy 5\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Spell Staff - 1, 2, 3, 4 | Varies |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Spell Storing\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  - 3 | \{Energy 9\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Stunning - 3     | \{Energy 3\}, or \{Energy 12\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Toppling - 4     | \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 3\}, or \{Energy 12\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Venomous - 4     | \{Energy 5\}, \{Energy 8\}, or \{Energy 12\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Vorpal           | \{Energy 8\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Withering - 4    | \{E\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 nergy 6\} |
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ##### \{Prof Level 5\}
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |    Magic Effect   | Required Energy|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:-----------------:|:-------------:| 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Replacement: <br> Constitution - 16, 17, 18, 19, 20| \{Energy 3\}, \{Energy 8\}, \{Energy 9\}, \{Energy 12\}, or \{Energy 6\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Replacemen\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 t: <br> Intelligence - 16, 17, 18, 19, 20| \{Energy 10\}, \{Energy 11\}, or \{Energy 2\}|
\par \\\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 pagebreakNum
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |     | |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:-----------------:|:-------------:| 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Replacement: <br> Strength - 16, 17, 18, 19, 20| \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 3\}, \{Energy 8\}, \{Energy 1\} or \{Energy 12\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Boost: <br> Constitution - 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10| \{Energy 3\}, \{Energy 8\}, \{Energy 9\}, \{Energy 12\}, or \{Energy 6\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Boost: \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 <br> Intelligence - 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10| \{Energy 10\}, \{Energy 11\}, or \{Energy 2\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Boost: <br> Strength - 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10| \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 3\}, \{Energy 8\}, \{Energy 1\} or \{Energy 12\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Arrow Catching Shield - 5|  \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 9\}, or \{Energ\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 y 11\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Dread - 5       | \{Energy 6\} or \{Energy 11\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Energy Empowered - 4, 5|  Varies |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Force Empowered - 4, 5|  \{Energy 9\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Inflicting - 5  | Varies |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | Intimidating - 5  |  \{Energy 5\}, \{Energy 8\}, \{Energy 11\}, or \{Energy 6\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | Life Draining\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  - 5 | \{Energy 8\} or \{Energy 6\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Magic Armor/Shield - 3 | None |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Magic Weapon - 3 | None |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Mighty - 4, 5    | \{Energy 3\} or \{Energy 12\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Paralyzing - 3   | \{Energy 4\} or \{Energy 9\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Proof Against Detection | \{Energy 10\} or \{Energy 5\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Sk\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ill Boosting - 5 | \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 8\}, or \{Energy 5\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Slaying - 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10| \{Energy 6\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Slowing - 5      | \{Energy 10\}, \{Energy 3\}, or \{Energy 2\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Spell Deflecting | \{Energy 9\} or \{Energy 12\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Spell - 6, 7, 8, 9 | Varies |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Spell Ref\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 lecting - 6, 7, 8, 9 | \{Energy 10\} or \{Energy 5\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Spell Resistance | \{Energy 9\} or \{Energy 12\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Spell Staff - 5, 6, 7, 8, 9 | Varies |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Spell Storing - 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9 | \{Energy 9\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Stunning - 4     | \{Energy 3\}, or \{Energy 12\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Toppling - 5\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506      | \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 3\}, or \{Energy 12\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Venomous - 5     | \{Energy 5\}, \{Energy 8\}, or \{Energy 12\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  War Mage - 3     | \{Energy 10\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Withering - 5    | \{Energy 6\} |
\par 
\par \\\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 columnbreak
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ### Weaver's Tools
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 <b> Craftable Item Types: </b> Light Armor, Bags, Belts, Bracers, Cloaks, Clothes, Gloves, Headgear, Robes <br>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 <b> Primary Material Type: </b> \{Material 2\} <br>
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 <b> Invalid Material Types: </b> \{Material 5\}, \{Material 8\}, and \{Material 11\} 
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ##### \{Prof L\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 evel 1\}
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |    Magic Effect   | Required Energy|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:-----------------:| :-------------:|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Assisted Escape | \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 5\}, \{Energy 2\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Beacon          | \{Energy 11\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Buoyant         | \{Energy 2\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Cognizant       | \{Energy 11\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Detecting        | \{Energy 9\} or \{Energy 11\}| 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Determined       | \{Energy 7\} or \{Energy 1\}    |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Extinguishing - 1, 2 | \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 6\} or \{Energy 2\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Holding - 1, 2  | \{Energy 10\} or \{Energy 9\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Invigorating     |  \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  1\}, or \{Energy 12\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Light - 1        | \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 1\} or \{Energy 5\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Light Devouring  | \{Energy 6\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Malleable        | \{Energy 10\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Recovery - 1     | \{Energy 12\}, or \{Energy 2\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Shifting         | \{Energy 5\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Skill Boosting\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  - 1 | \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 8\}, or \{Energy 5\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Spell Infused - Cantrip | Varies |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Weightless       | \{Energy 4\} |
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ##### \{Prof Level 2\}
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |    Magic Effect   | Required Energy|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:-----------------:|:-------------:| 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Replacement: <br> Charisma - 10, 11, 12| \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 5\}, or \{Energy 1\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Replacement: <br> Dexterity - 10, 11, 12| \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 10\}, \{Energy 5\}, or \{Energy 2\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Replacement: <b\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 r> Intelligence - 10, 11, 12| \{Energy 10\}, \{Energy 11\}, or \{Energy 2\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Replacement: <br> Wisdom - 10, 11, 12| \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 9\}, or \{Energy 12\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Boost: <br> Charisma - 1| \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 5\}, or \{Energy 1\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Boost: <br> D\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 exterity - 1| \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 10\}, \{Energy 5\}, or \{Energy 2\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Boost: <br> Intelligence - 1| \{Energy 10\}, \{Energy 11\}, or \{Energy 2\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Boost: <br> Wisdom - 1| \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 9\}, or \{Energy 12\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Cold Proof      | \{Energy 1\} or \{\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Energy 2\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Deceptive       | \{Energy 10\} or \{Energy 8\}|
\par \\\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 pagebreakNum
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |     | |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:-----------------:|:-------------:| 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Devouring       | \{Energy 6\} or \{Energy 8\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Holding - 3, 4  | \{Energy 10\} or \{Energy 9\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Light - 2        | \{Energy 7\}, \{\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Energy 1\} or \{Energy 5\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Poison Proof - 1 | \{Energy 3\} or \{Energy 8\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Protection       | \{Energy 3\} or \{Energy 9\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Elven Armor: Light | \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 5\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Evasion         | \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 5\}, or \{Energy 2\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Extinguishing - 3, 4 \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  | \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 6\} or \{Energy 2\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Feather Falling |  \{Energy 4\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Heat Proof      | \{Energy 1\} or \{Energy 2\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Skill Boosting - 2 | \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 8\}, or \{Energy 5\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Spell Infused - 1, 2 | Varies |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Warding          | \{Energy 9\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Water Breathing  | \{Energy 4\} or \{Energy 2\} |
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ##### \{Prof Level 3\}
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |    Magic Effect   | Required Energy|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:-----------------:|:-------------:| 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Replacement: <br> Charisma - 13, 14| \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 5\}, or\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  \{Energy 1\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Replacement: <br> Dexterity - 13, 14| \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 10\}, \{Energy 5\}, or \{Energy 2\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Replacement: <br> Intelligence - 13, 14| \{Energy 10\}, \{Energy 11\}, or \{Energy 2\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Replacement: <br> Wisdom - 13, 14| \{Energy \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 7\}, \{Energy 9\}, or \{Energy 12\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Boost: <br> Charisma - 2| \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 5\}, or \{Energy 1\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Boost: <br> Dexterity - 2| \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 10\}, \{Energy 5\}, or \{Energy 2\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Boost: <br> Intelligence - 2| \{Energy 10\}, \{Energy 1\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 1\}, or \{Energy 2\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Boost: <br> Wisdom - 2| \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 9\}, or \{Energy 12\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Aquatic         |  \{Energy 2\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | Camouflage        | \{Energy 5\} or \{Energy 12\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Disease Proof - 1, 2 | \{Energy 3\} or \{Energy 12\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Extinguishing - 5  | \{Energ\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 y 4\}, \{Energy 6\} or \{Energy 2\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | Holding - 5, 6, 7 | \{Energy 10\} or \{Energy 9\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Light - 3        | \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 1\} or \{Energy 5\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Magic Armor/Shield - 1 | None |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Missile Snaring - 1 | \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 9\}, or \{Energy 2\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Mountaineerin\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 g   |  \{Energy 8\} or \{Energy 12\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Poison Proof - 2 | \{Energy 3\} or \{Energy 8\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Recovery - 2     | \{Energy 12\}, or \{Energy 2\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Resistance       | Varies    |
\par 
\par \\\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 columnbreak
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |     | |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:-----------------:|:-------------:|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Skill Boosting - 3 | \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 8\}, or \{Energy 5\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Spell Infused - 3, 4 | Varies |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Talented         | \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 8\}, or \{Energy 5\} |
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ##### \{Prof Level 4\}
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |    Magic Effect   | Required Energy|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:-----------------:|:-------------:| 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Replacement: <br> Charisma - 15| \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 5\}, or \{Energy 1\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Replacement: <br> Dexterity - 15| \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 10\}, \{Energy 5\}, or \{Energy 2\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Replacement: <br> Intelligence \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - 15| \{Energy 10\}, \{Energy 11\}, or \{Energy 2\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Replacement: <br> Wisdom - 15| \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 9\}, or \{Energy 12\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Boost: <br> Charisma - 3, 4| \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 5\}, or \{Energy 1\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Boost: <br> Dexterity - 3, 4| \{Energy 4\}, \{\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Energy 10\}, \{Energy 5\}, or \{Energy 2\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Boost: <br> Intelligence - 3, 4| \{Energy 10\}, \{Energy 11\}, or \{Energy 2\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Boost: <br> Wisdom - 3, 4| \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 9\}, or \{Energy 12\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Holding - 8, 9, 10 | \{Energy 10\} or \{Energy 9\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Invi\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 sibility    | \{Energy 4\} or \{Energy 5\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Magic Armor/Shield - 2 | None |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Mind Shielding   | \{Energy 9\} or \{Energy 11\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Missile Snaring - 2, 3 | \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 9\}, or \{Energy 2\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Sentinel         | \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 9\}, or \{Energy 11\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Skill Boosting - 4 | \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 8\}, or \{Energy 5\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Spell Infused - 5 | Varies |
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ##### \{Prof Level 5\}
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |    Magic Effect   | Required Energy|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:-----------------:|:-------------:| 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Replacement: <br> Charisma - 16, 17, 18, 19, 20| \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 5\}, or \{Energy 1\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Replacement: <br> Dexterity - 16, 17, 18, 19, 20| \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 10\}, \{Energy 5\}, or \{Energy 2\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Replacement: <br> Intelligence - 16, 1\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 7, 18, 19, 20| \{Energy 10\}, \{Energy 11\}, or \{Energy 2\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Replacement: <br> Wisdom - 16, 17, 18, 19, 20| \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 9\}, or \{Energy 12\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Boost: <br> Charisma - 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10| \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 5\}, or \{Energy 1\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Boos\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 t: <br> Dexterity - 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10| \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 10\}, \{Energy 5\}, or \{Energy 2\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Ability Boost: <br> Intelligence - 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10| \{Energy 10\}, \{Energy 11\}, or \{Energy 2\}|
\par 
\par \\\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 pagebreakNum
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |     | |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:-----------------:|:-------------:| 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Abi\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 lity Boost: <br> Wisdom - 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10| \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 9\}, or \{Energy 12\}|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Displacing      | \{Energy 5\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Free Movement    |  \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 5\}, or \{Energy 2\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Magic Armor/Shield - 3 | None |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Proof Against Detection | \{Energy 10\}\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  or \{Energy 5\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Skill Boosting - 5 | \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 8\}, or \{Energy 5\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Spell Deflecting | \{Energy 9\} or \{Energy 12\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |Spell Infused - 6, 7, 8, 9 | Varies |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Spell Resistance | \{Energy 9\} or \{Energy 12\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Winged          | \{Energy 4\}    |
\par 
\par \\\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 pagebreakNum
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ## Magic Item Effects
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 This section provides descriptions of the different item effects available to players through custom crafting. Each item effect contains some or all of the following descriptors. 
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Item Type
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 This is the type of item the magic effect can be applied to.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Tools
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 This lists the types of tools that can be used to craft an item with this property.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Attunement 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 This indicates whether or not applying this effect to an item will cause it to require attunement
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Recipe
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 The recipe lists the required gp \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 value of Crafting Supplies and what types of Ingredients are needed to craft the magic effect.  Most recipes includes requirements for: 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 * Crafting Supplies equal to a certain amount of gp
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 * Ingredients of the Primary Material
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 * Ingredients with a specific\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  Magic Energy.  
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 These requirements are independent of each other and can be met separately with the same Ingredients.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ##### Recipe Example
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Assume a smith is making a weapon with the <i> Concussive </i> property, which has the following recipe
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Re\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 cipe:** 1,500gp worth of Crafting Supplies, including:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 6\} Ingredient of the Primary Material
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 5\} Ingredient with \{Energy 3\} or \{Energy 12\} Energy
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Since this is being made with smith's tools, the Primary Material is\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
 Metal.  If the smith used a Very Rare Metal with the Fire property (worth 1,000gp), this would meet the Primary Material requirement and pay for 1,000gp of the 1,500gp Crafting Supply requirement.  If the smith then provided a Rare Gem with the Earth pro
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 p\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 erty (worth 500gp), this would satisfy Energy requirement and pay for the remaining 500gp worth of Crafting Supplies.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Alternatively, if the smith has a Very Rare Metal with the Earth property, that could be used to simultaneously meet the requirement for \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
the Primary Material and the needed Energy.  The remaining 500gp worth of needed Crafting Supplies could then be met using gold to purchase supplies.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Higher Ranks
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Some effects have higher level ranks that boost their potency.  When adding an effect w\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
ith multiple ranks, you may choose to upgrade the effect to a higher rank if you meet that rank\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 s proficiency requirement and you meet the requirements of that rank\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 
s recipe.  You may upgrade through multiple ranks at once as long as the recipes of all th\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 e\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  ranks are satisfied. 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 When upgrading an item, you may boost an existing effect to higher ranks.  See <b> Upgrading Effects to Higher Ranks </b> (pg.5) for more details.  
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 The recipes for the different ranks are listed in an abbreviated format.
\par 
\par 
\par \\\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 columnbreak
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ### Magic Item Ef\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 fect Descriptions
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 The effects are presented here in alphabetical order.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Ability Boost
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *\{Prof Level 2\}*
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** Varies
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** Varies
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Attunement:** Yes
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Recipe:**  2,000gp worth of Crafting Supplies, including: 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Rarity 6\} Ingredient of the Primary Material 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 5\} Ingredient with Energy determined by the Ability Score (See Description)
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 While wearing this item, you get a +1 to one of your ability scores.  This cannot be used to boost that abil\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
ity score beyond its normal maximum.  The ability score this item effects determines what item types it can be, the energy types that can be used for the recipe, and the tools that can be used craft the item. 
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ##### Charisma
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** Cloaks, C\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 lothes, Glasses, Headgear, Jewelry
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** Glassblower, Jeweler, Weaver
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Energy Types:** \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 5\}, or \{Energy 1\} Energy
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ##### Constitution
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** Belts, Bracers, Jewelry
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** Jeweler, Leatherworker, Smith 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Energy Types:**  \{Energy 3\}, \{Energy 8\}, \{Energy 9\}, \{Energy 12\}, or \{Energy 6\} Energy
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ##### Dexterity
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** Cloaks, Footwear, Gloves, Jewelry
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** Carver, Cobbler, Jeweler, Leathe\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 rworker, Weaver
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Energy Types:**  \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 10\}, \{Energy 5\}, or \{Energy 2\} Energy
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ##### Intelligence
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** Glasses, Headwear, Jewelry
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** Glassblower, Jeweler, Leatherworker, Smith, Weavers
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Energy Types:**  \{En\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ergy 10\}, \{Energy 11\}, or \{Energy 2\} Energy
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ##### Strength
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** Belts, Footwear, Gloves, Jewelry
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** Cobbler, Jeweler, Smith
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Energy Types:**  \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 3\}, \{Energy 8\}, \{Energy 1\} or \{Energy 12\} Energy
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ##### Wisdom
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** Cloaks, Headgear, Glasses, Jewelry 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** Carver, Glassblower, Jeweler, Leatherworker, Weaver
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Energy Types:**  \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 9\}, or \{Energy 12\} Energy
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par 
\par \\\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 pagebreakNum
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 **At Higher Ranks:**
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |    Rank   \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  |  Proficiency   | Recipe |   Ability <br> Boost  |     
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:---------:|:----------------------:| :-----------------:| :----------------:| 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   1       | \{Prof Level 2\}| 2,000gp: 1 VRr Prmry, <br> 1 Rr ReqEnrgy         |   +1        | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   2       | \{Prof L\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 evel 3\}| 2,000gp: 1 VRr Prmry, <br> 1 Rr ReqEnrgy       |   +2        | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   3       | \{Prof Level 4\}| 3,000gp: 2 VRr Prmry, <br> 1 VRr ReqEnrgy         |   +3        | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   4       | \{Prof Level 4\}| 3,000gp: 2 VRr Prmry, <br> 1 VRr ReqEnrgy         |   +4\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506         | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   5       | \{Prof Level 5\}| 4,500gp: 3 VRr Prmry, <br> 1 VRr ReqEnrgy         |   +5        |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   6       | \{Prof Level 5\}| 4,500gp: 3 VRr Prmry, <br> 1 VRr ReqEnrgy         |   +6        | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   7       | \{Prof Level 5\}| 7,000gp: 1 Epc Prmry, \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 <br> 2 VRr ReqEnrgy        |   +7        | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   8       | \{Prof Level 5\}| 7,000gp: 1 Epc Prmry, <br> 2 VRr ReqEnrgy        |   +8        | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   9       | \{Prof Level 5\}| 10,000gp: 1 Epc Prmry, <br> 2 VRr ReqEnrgy       |   +9        | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   10      | \{Prof \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Level 5\}| 10,000gp: 1 Epc Prmry, <br> 2 VRr ReqEnrgy       |   +10       |
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Ability Replacement
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *\{Prof Level 2\}*
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** Varies
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** Varies
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Attunement:** Yes
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Recipe:**  1,000gp worth of Crafting Supplies, including:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 5\} Ingredient of the Primary Material
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 2 \{Rarity 4\} Ingredients with an Energy determined by the ability score (See Description)
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 While wearing this item, one \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
of your ability scores becomes 10.  If that ability score is greater than 10, this item has no effect on you.  The ability score this item effects determines what item types it can be, the energy types that can be used for the recipe, and the tools that c
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 a\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 n be used craft the item. See the description of the Ability Boost effect for the requirements of each ability score.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 **At Higher Ranks:**
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |    Ability <br> Score    |  Proficiency   | Recipe |      
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:---------:|:----------------------:| :--------------\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ---:| 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   10       | \{Prof Level 2\}| 1,000gp: 1 Rr Prmry, <br> 2 Uncmn ReqEnrgy     |  
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   11       | \{Prof Level 2\}| 500gp: 3 Uncmn Prmry, <br> 1 Uncmn ReqEnrgy     |   
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   12       | \{Prof Level 2\}| 800gp: 1 Rr Prmry, <br> 2 Uncmn ReqEnrgy     |   
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506   13       | \{Prof Level 3\}| 1,000gp: 1 Rr Prmry, <br> 2 Uncmn ReqEnrgy    |  
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   14       | \{Prof Level 3\}| 2,000gp: 1 VRr Prmry, <br> 1 Rr ReqEnrgy     | 
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |     |    |  |  |     
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:---------:|:----------------------:| :-----------------:| :------------\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ----:| 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   15       | \{Prof Level 4\}| 3,000gp: 2 VRr Prmry, <br> 1 VRr ReqEnrgy     |  
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   16       | \{Prof Level 5\}| 6,000gp: 1 Epc Prmry, <br> 2 VRr ReqEnrgy      |   
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   17       | \{Prof Level 5\}| 9,000gp: 1 Epc Prmry, <br> 2 VRr ReqEnrgy     |  
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  18       | \{Prof Level 5\}| 13,000gp: 1 Lgndry Prmry, <br> 3 VRr ReqEnrgy|  
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   19       | \{Prof Level 5\}| 20,000gp: 1 Lgndry Prmry, <br> 1 Epc ReqEnrgy    |  
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   20       | \{Prof Level 5\}| 30,000gp: 2 Lgndry Prmry, <br> 1 Lgndry ReqEnrgy    |  
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### An\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 imated Shield
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *\{Prof Level 4\}*
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** Shield
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** Carver, Smith, Leatherworker
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Attunement:** Yes
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Recipe:**  6,000gp worth of Crafting Supplies, including:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 7\} Ingredient of the Primary Material
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 2 \{Rarity 6\} Ingredients with \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 9\}, or \{Energy 11\} Energy
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 While holding the shield, you can speak its Command Word as a Bonus Action to cause it to animate. The sh\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
ield leaps into the air and hovers in your space to protect you as if you were wielding it, leaving your hands free. The shield remains animated for 1 minute, until you use a Bonus Action to end this effect, or until you are Incapacitated or die, at which
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 point the shield falls to the ground or into your hand if you have one free.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Arrow Catching Shield
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *\{Prof Level 2\}*
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** Shield
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** Carver, Smith, Leatherworker
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Attunement:** Yes
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Recipe:**  1,000gp worth of Crafting S\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 upplies, including:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 5\} Ingredient of the Primary Material
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 2 \{Rarity 4\} Ingredients with \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 3\}, or \{Energy 12\} Energy
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 You gain a +1 bonus to AC against ranged attacks while you wield this shield.  This i\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 s in addition to the shield's normal bonus to AC.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 **At Higher Ranks:**
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |    Rank    |  Proficiency   | Recipe |   AC Bonus  | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:---------:|:----------------------:| :-----------------:| :----------------:|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   1       | \{Prof Level 2\}| 1,000gp: 1 Rr Prmr\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 y, <br> 2 Uncmn Air/Erth/Prmvl |  +1   |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   2       | \{Prof Level 3\}| 1,500gp: 1 VRr Prmry, <br> 1 Rr Air/Erth/Prmvl    |  +2   |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   3       | \{Prof Level 3\}| 2,500gp: 2 VRr Prmry, <br> 1 Rr Air/Erth/Prmvl  |  +3   |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   4       | \{Prof Level 4\}| 3,500gp: 2 VRr Prmry, <br> 1 VRr Air/Erth/Prmvl  |  +4   |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   5       | \{Prof Level 5\}| 5,000gp: 3 VRr Prmry, <br> 1 VRr Air/Erth/Prmvl  \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  +5   |
\par 
\par \\\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 pagebreakNum
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Assisted Escape
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *\{Prof Level 1\}*
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** Cloak, Footwear, Gloves, Rings
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** Carver, Cobbler, Jeweler, Leatherworker, Smith, Weaver
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Attunement:** Yes
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Recipe:**  500gp worth of Crafting Supplies, i\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ncluding:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 3 \{Rarity 4\} Ingredients of the Primary Material
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 4\} Ingredient with \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 5\}, or \{Energy 2\} Energy
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 This item can make you very difficult to pin down. While wearing it, you can use your Reaction t\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
o gain advantage on a saving throw you make to avoid being Paralyzed or Restrained or you can gain advantage on any check you make to escape a grapple.  The item can't be used this way again until the next dawn
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Aquatic
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *\{Prof Level 3\}*
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item T\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ype:** Footwear and Gloves
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** Cobbler, Leatherworker, Smith, Weaver
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Attunement:** No
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Recipe:**  2,500gp worth of Crafting Supplies, including:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 2 \{Rarity 6\} Ingredients of the Primary Material
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 5\} Ingredient \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 with \{Energy 2\} Energy
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 While in water, this item extends a magical webbing that aids in swimming.  While wearing this item, swimming doesn't cost you extra movement.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 **At Higher Ranks:**
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |    Rank    |  Proficiency   | Recipe |   Charges  |  Amount Regained  
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:---------:|:---\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 -------------------:| :-----------------:| :----------------:| :----------------:| 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   1       | \{Prof Level 2\}| 1,500gp: <br> 1 VRr Prmry, <br> 1 Rr Ord    |   4        |  1d3+1  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   2       | \{Prof Level 3\}| 2,500gp: <br> 2 VRr Prmry, <br> 1 Rr Ord   \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506    |   6        | 1d4+2  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   3       | \{Prof Level 4\}| 5,000gp: <br> 3 VRr Prmry, <br> 1 VRr Ord       |   8        |  1d6+2 |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   4       | \{Prof Level 5\}| 12,000gp: <br> 1 Lgndry Prmry, <br> 3 VRr Ord      |   10        | 1d6+4  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   5       | \{Prof L\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 evel 5\}| 28,000gp: <br> 2 Lgndry Prmry, <br> 1 Lgndry Ord      |   12        | 1d8+4  |
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Beacon
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *\{Prof Level 1\}*
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** Any
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** Any
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Attunement:** Yes
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Recipe:**  500gp worth of Crafting Supplies, including:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 3 \{\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Rarity 4\}  Ingredients of the Primary Material
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 4\} Ingredient with \{Energy 11\} Energy
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 You have a psychic link to the item and always know its location as long as it is on the same plane as you.  This ability persists for an addition\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
al 24 hours after your attunement to the item ends, even if another creature attunes to the item.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Buoyant
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *\{Prof Level 1\}*
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** Any
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** Any
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Attunement:** Yes
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Recipe:**  400gp worth of Crafting Supplies, including:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 2 \{Rarity 4\} Ingredients of the Primary Material
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 4\} Ingredient with \{Energy 2\} Energy
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 The item floats in water, granting you an extra 5ft. of swimming movement.\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
 If you are incapacitated underwater, the item will pull you towards the surface at a rate of 20ft per round.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Camouflage
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *\{Prof Level 3\}*
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** Boots, Cloaks and Any Armor that Doesn't Impose Disadvantage on Stealth Checks
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:**\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  Carver, Leatherworker, Weaver
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Attunement:** No
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Recipe:**  2,500gp worth of Crafting Supplies, including:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 2 \{Rarity 6\} Ingredients of the Primary Material
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 5\} Ingredient with \{Energy 5\} or \{Energy 12\} Energy
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 This \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 item changes its color patterns and texture to match your environment. Wisdom (Perception) checks made to see you are made with disadvantage.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Cognizant
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *\{Prof Level 1\}*
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** Any
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** Any
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Attunement:** Yes
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Recipe:**  40\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 0gp worth of Crafting Supplies, including:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 2 \{Rarity 4\} Ingredients of the Primary Material
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 4\} Ingredient with \{Energy 11\} Energy
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 You have a psychic link to the item and can use an action to see and hear through this item as though you were at its location as long as it no further than 300 feet away from you.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Cold Proof
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *\{Prof Level 2\}*
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** Any Wearable Item Ex\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 cept Glasses
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** Any Except Glassblower
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Attunement:** No
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Recipe:**  1,000gp worth of Crafting Supplies, including:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 5\} Ingredient of the Primary Material
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 2 \{Rarity 4\} Ingredients with \{Energy 1\} or \{Energy 2\}\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  Energy
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 This item protects you from extremely cold environments.  While wearing it, you can tolerate temperatures low as -50 degrees Fahrenheit.
\par 
\par \\\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 pagebreakNum
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Concussive
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *\{Prof Level 2\}*
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** Any Bludgeoning Weapon
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** C\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 arver, Smith
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Attunement:** Yes
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Recipe:** 1,500gp worth of Crafting Supplies, including:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 6\} Ingredient of the Primary Material
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 5\} Ingredient with \{Energy 3\} or \{Energy 12\} Energy
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 The weapon is capable of\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  delivering powerful blows that knock back its targets.  Upon striking a creature with this weapon, you may use a bonus action to Shove the target.

\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Coordinating
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *\{Prof Level 2\}*
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** Any Weapon
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** Carver, Glassblower, Leatherworker, Smith
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Attunement:** Yes
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Recipe:**  2,000gp worth of Crafting Supplies, including:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 6\} Ingredient of the Primary Material
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 5\} Ingredient with \{Energy 9\} Energy
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
Strikes from the weapon expose vulnerabilities that your allies can take advantage of.  After striking a target with the weapon, the next attack made against the target by someone other than you is made with advantage (This can only be triggered once p
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 er turn).
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Dancing Weapon
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *\{Prof Level 2\}*
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** Any Slashing Weapon
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** Leatherworker, Smith
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Attunement:** No
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Recipe:**  1,500gp worth of Crafting Supplies, including:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 6\} Ingredient of the Primary \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Material
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 5\} Ingredient with \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 9\}, or \{Energy 11\} Energy
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 You can use a Bonus Action to toss the weapon into the air and speak the Command Word. When you do so, the weapon begins to hover, flies up to 30 feet, and a\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
ttacks one creature of your choice within 5 feet of it. The weapon uses your Attack roll and ability score modifier to Damage Rolls.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 While the weapon hovers, you can use a Bonus Action to cause it to fly up to 30 feet to another spot within 30 feet of you\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
. As part of the same Bonus Action, you can cause the weapon to Attack one creature within 5 feet of it.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 After the hovering weapon has attacked 3 times, it flies up to 30 feet and tries to return to your hand, if does not reach you keeps move towards you \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
at the start of each of your turn. If you have no hand free, it falls to the ground at your feet. If the weapon has no unobstructed path to you, it moves as close to you as it can and then falls to the ground. It also ceases to hover if you grasp it or mo
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 v\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 e more than 30 feet away from it.
\par 
\par \\\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 columnbreak
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 **At Higher Ranks:**
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |    Rank    |  Proficiency   | Recipe |   Range  |     
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:---------:|:----------------------:| :-----------------:| :----------------:| 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   1       | \{Prof Level 2\}| 1,500gp: 1 VRr Prmry, <br> 1 Rr Air/Ord/Psy  |   30 ft.        | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   2       | \{Prof Level 3\}| 1,500gp: 1 VRr Prmry, <br> 1 Rr Air/Ord/Psy  |   \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 60 ft.        | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   3       | \{Prof Level 3\}| 1,500gp: 1 VRr Prmry, <br> 1 Rr Air/Ord/Psy  |   90 ft.        | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   4       | \{Prof Level 4\}| 1,500gp: 1 VRr Prmry, <br> 1 Rr Air/Ord/Psy  |   120 ft.        | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   5       | \{Prof Level 4\}| 1,500gpgp: 1 VRr\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  Prmry, <br> 1 Rr Air/Ord/Psy  |   150 ft.        | 
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Darkvision
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *\{Prof Level 2\}*
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** Glasses
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** Glassblower
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Attunement:** No
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Recipe:** 1,500gp worth of Crafting Supplies, including:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 6\} Ingredien\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 t of the Primary Material
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 5\} Ingredient with \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 12\}, or \{Energy 6\} Energy
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 While wearing these glasses, you have Darkvision out to a range of 60 feet. If you already have Darkvision, its range is increased by 60 fee\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 t.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Deceptive
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *\{Prof Level 2\}*
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** Any Weapon
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** Carver, Glassblower, Leatherworker, Smith
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Attunement:** Yes
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Recipe:**  2,000gp worth of Crafting Supplies, including:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 6\} Ingredient of the Primary\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  Material
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 5\} Ingredient with \{Energy 10\} or \{Energy 8\} Energy
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 While wearing this item, it is much harder for others to determine your intent. Wisdom (Insight) checks contested against your Charisma (Deception) are made with disadvantage
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Detecting
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *\{Prof Level 1\}*
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** Weapons, Shields, Jewelry, \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Headgear, Rods, Wands, Glasses
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** Any but Cobbler
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Attunement:** No
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Recipe:**  500gp worth of Crafting Supplies, including:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 3 \{Rarity 4\} Ingredients of the Primary Material
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 4\} Ingredient with \{Energy 9\}, or \{\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Energy 11\} Energy
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
The item enables to you to detect nearby enemies. While holding it, you can use an action to speak a command word. For the next minute, you know the direction of the nearest creature hostile to you within 60 feet, but not its distanc
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 e from you. The item can sense the presence of hostile creatures that are ethereal, invisible, disguised, or hidden, as well as those in plain sight.
\par 
\par \\\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 pagebreakNum
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 The effect ends if you stop holding the item. Once you use this feature, it can't be used \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 until the next dawn.
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Determined
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *\{Prof Level 1\}*
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** Any
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** Any
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Attunement:** Yes
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Recipe:**  500gp worth of Crafting Supplies, including:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 3 \{Rarity 4\} Ingredients of the Primary Material
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 4\} Ingredient with \{Energy 1\} or \{Energy 7\} Energy
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  If you are near death, the item will fill you with determination, bringing you back from the brink. Once per day when you when you fail your third death saving throw, reset your d
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 eath saving throws instead of dying.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Devouring
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *\{Prof Level 2\}*
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** Any
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** Any
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Attunement:** Yes
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Recipe:**  1,000gp worth of Crafting Supplies, including:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 5\} Ingredient of the Primary Material
\par -\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  * &nbsp; 2 \{Rarity 4\} Ingredients with \{Energy 8\} or \{Energy 6\} Energy
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 The item devours the life force of creatures that die near it.  Whenever a creature with CR 1 or greater dies within 30ft. of you, you are healed a number of HP equal to the creatu
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 re's CR.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Disease Proof
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *\{Prof Level 3\}*
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** Belts and Jewelry
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** Carver, Jeweler, Leatherworker, Smith, Weaver
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Attunement:** No
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Recipe:**  2,500gp worth of Crafting Supplies, including:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 2 \{Rarity 6\} Ingre\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 dients of the Primary Material
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 5\} Ingredients with \{Energy 3\} or \{Energy 12\} Energy
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 This item boosts your ability to stave off diseases.  While wearing it, you have advantage on saving throws against being diseased.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 **At Higher Ra\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 nks:**
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |    Rank    |  Proficiency   | Recipe |   Effect |     
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:---------:|:----------------------:| :-----------------:| :----------------:| 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   1       | \{Prof Level 3\}| 2,500gp: 2 VRr Prmry, <br> 1 Rr Erth/Prmvl     |Advantage on <br> Saves Against <br> Disease     | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   2       | \{Prof Level 3\}| 2,000gp: 1 VRr Prmry, <br> 1 Rr Erth/Prmvl     |   Immunity to <br> Disease   | 
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Displacin\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 g
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *\{Prof Level 5\}*
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** Cloaks and Light or Medium Armor
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** Leatherworker, Weaver
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Attunement:** Yes
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Recipe:**  60,000gp worth of Crafting Supplies, including:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 9\} Ingredient of the Primary Material
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 &nbsp; 2 \{Rarity 8\} Ingredients with \{Energy 5\} Energy
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 While you wear this cloak, it projects an illusion that makes you appear to be standing in a place near your actual location, causing any creature to have disadvantage on attack rolls against you. 
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 If you take damage, the property ceases to function until the start of your next turn. This property is suppressed while you are incapacitated, restrained, or otherwise unable to move.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Dread
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *\{Prof Level 1\}*
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** Any Weapon
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ** Carver, Glassblower, Leatherworker, Smith
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Attunement:** No
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Recipe:**  350gp worth of Crafting Supplies, including:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 2 \{Rarity 4\} Ingredients of the Primary Material
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 4\} Ingredient with \{Energy 6\} or \{Energy 11\} Ener\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 gy
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
You can use an action to cause this weapon to take on a nightmarish appearance of your choice. This effect lasts for 1 minute or until an attack using this weapon hits a creature. That creature must succeed on a DC 13 Wisdom saving throw or take 1d1
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 0 psychic damage and become frightened for 1 minute. The weapon can't be used this way again until the next dawn. 
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 **At Higher Ranks:**
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |    Rank    |  Proficiency  | Recipe |      Damage |         DC    |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:---------:|:----------------------:| :-----------------:| :----------------:| :----------------:|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   1       | \{Prof Level 1\}| 350gp: 2 Uncmn Prmry, <br> 1 Uncmn Fey/Shdw  |    1d10  \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506       |    13     | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   2       | \{Prof Level 2\}| 500gp: 3 Uncmn Prmry, <br> 1 Uncmn Fey/Shdw  |   2d10        |     15     | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   3       | \{Prof Level 3\}| 700gp: 1 Rr Prmry, <br> 2 Uncmn Fey/Shdw  |   3d10        |  17     | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   4       | \{Prof Level 4\}\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 1,500gp: 1 VRr Prmry, <br> 1 Rr Fey/Shdw  |     4d10        |18     | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   5       | \{Prof Level 5\}| 2,500gp: 2 VRr Prmry, <br> 1 Rr Fey/Shdw  |     5d10        | 19     | 
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Earth Tread
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *\{Prof Level 3\}*
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** Footwear
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** C\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 obbler
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Attunement:** No
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Recipe:**  4,000gp worth of Crafting Supplies, including:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 2 \{Rarity 6\} Ingredients of the Primary Material
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 6\} Ingredient with \{Energy 3\} Energy
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 This footwear is able to temporarily mold t\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 he earth around each of their steps.  While wearing this item, you ignore difficult terrain caused by dirt or stone.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Elven Armor
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *\{Prof Level 2\}*
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** Armor
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** Varies
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Attunement:** No
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Recipe:**  Varies
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 You are considered proficient with this armor even if you lack proficiency in it.  
\par 
\par \\\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 pagebreakNum
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 The recipe and tools that used to create this armor depend on how heavy the armor is.  
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 **Different Armor Types:**
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |    Armor <br\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 > Type    | Tools  |  Proficiency   | Recipe |  
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:---------:|:----------------------:| :-----------------:| :----------------:| :----------------:|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Light       |Leatherworker,<br> Weaver                   | \{Prof Level 2\}| 1,000gp: <br> 1 Rr Prmry, <b\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 r> 2 Uncmn Air/Fey|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Medium      |  Carver, <br> Leatherworker, <br> Smith    | \{Prof Level 2\}| 2,000gp: <br> 1 VRr Prmry, <br> 2 Rr Air/Fey| 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Heavy       |  Smith                                     | \{Prof Level 3\}| 4,500gp: <br> 3 VRr Prmry, <br>\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  1 VRr Air/Fey|   
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Energy Empowered
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *\{Prof Level 2\}*
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** Any Weapon
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** Carver, Glassblower, Leatherworker, Smith
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Attunement:** Yes
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Recipe:**  2,000gp worth of Crafting Supplies, including:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 6\} In\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 gredient of the Primary Material
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 5\} Ingredient with an Energy type determined by the damage type (See Description)
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 This weapon is infused with energy that causes it to do an additional 1d6 damage of a different damage type.  The d\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
amage type determines the energy type required by the recipe.  
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 When upgrading this effect, the damage type must remain the same.  This effect cannot be applied to an item with the Force Empowered or Mighty effects.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |    Damage Type   | Required Energy|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:-----------------:| :-------------:|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Acid            | \{Energy 8\}, \{Energy 12\}, or \{Energy 2\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Cold            | \{Energy 6\} or \{Energy 2\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Fire            | \{Energy 8\} or \{Energy 1\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Lightning    \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     | \{Energy 4\} or \{Energy 7\}    |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Necrotic         | \{Energy 8\} or \{Energy 6\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Poison           | \{Energy 5\}, \{Energy 8\}, or \{Energy 12\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Psychic          | \{Energy 10\}, \{Energy 11\}, or \{Energy 6\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Radiant          | \{Energy 1\} or \{Energy \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 7\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Thunder          | \{Energy 4\} or \{Energy 7\} |
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 **At Higher Ranks:**
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |    Rank    |  Proficiency   | Recipe |   Damage  |     
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:---------:|:----------------------:| :-----------------:| :----------------:| 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   1       | \{Prof Level 2\}| 2,000gp: <b\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 r> 1 VRr Prmry, <br> 1 Rr ReqEnrgy      |   1d6        |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   2       | \{Prof Level 3\}| 2,500gp: <br> 2 VRr Prmry, <br> 1 Rr ReqEnrgy      |   2d6        | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   3       | \{Prof Level 4\}| 4,000gp: <br> 2 VRr Prmry, <br> 1 VRr ReqEnrgy     |   3d6        | 
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |           |                        |                    |                   |     
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:---------:|:----------------------:| :-----------------:| :----------------:| 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   4       | \{Prof Level 5\}| 6,000gp: <br> 1 Epc Prmry, <br> 2 VRr ReqEnrgy     |   4d6  \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506       | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   5       | \{Prof Level 5\}| 9,000gp: <br> 1 Epc Prmry, <br> 2 VRr ReqEnrgy    |   5d6        | 
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Energy Weapon
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *\{Prof Level 1\}*
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** Any Weapon
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** Carver, Glassblower, Leatherworker, Smith
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Attunement:** Yes
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Recipe:**  250gp worth of Crafting Supplies, including:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 2 \{Rarity 4\} Ingredients of the Primary Material
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 3\} Ingredient with an Energy type dete\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 rmined by the damage type (See Description)
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; If a two handed weapon is being crafted, the Supply Cost increases by 100gp and an additional \{Rarity 3\} Ingredient with the required Energy type must be included
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 The portion of this weapon that would\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
 normally strike an enemy has been replaced with pure energy.  For example, the blade of a sword might be replaced with endless flames, or the head of a war maul may be composed of enchanted ice.  
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 At the time of its crafting, choose a damage type.  The w\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
eapon's damage type changes to the chosen damage type.  The chosen damage type determines the Required Energy type for crafting.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 This effect cannot be combined with Force Weapon.  This effect does not contribute to three effect limit of an item.  This eff\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
ect changes the Primary Material type of the crafted item to Essence.
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |    Damage Type   | Required Energy|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:-----------------:| :-------------:|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Acid            | \{Energy 8\}, \{Energy 12\}, or \{Energy 2\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Cold            | \{Energy 6\} or \{Energy\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  2\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Fire            | \{Energy 8\} or \{Energy 1\}  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Lightning        | \{Energy 4\} or \{Energy 7\}    |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Necrotic         | \{Energy 8\} or \{Energy 6\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Poison           | \{Energy 5\}, \{Energy 8\}, or \{Energy 12\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Psychic          | \{Energy 10\}, \{\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Energy 11\}, or \{Energy 6\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Radiant          | \{Energy 1\} or \{Energy 7\} |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  Thunder          | \{Energy 4\} or \{Energy 7\} |
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Engulfing
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *\{Prof Level 2\}*
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** Any Melee Weapon, Except Daggers
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** Carver, Leatherworker, Smith
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Attunement:** Yes
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Recipe:**  1,000gp worth of Crafting Supplies, including: 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 5\} Ingredient of the Primary Material
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 2 \{Rarity\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  4\} Ingredients with \{Energy 12\} or \{Energy 2\} Energy
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par 
\par \\\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 pagebreakNum
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 This weapon can sprout vines or tendrils of water that grapple foes.  When you hit a creature with this weapon, you may attempt a grapple as a bonus action with the weapon, you can't
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  attack or grapple with the weapon for as long as the creature is grappled.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Ethereal Sight
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *\{Prof Level 3\}*
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** Glasses
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** Glassblower
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Attunement:** Yes
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Recipe:**  2,500gp worth of Crafting Supplies, including:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 &nbsp; 2 \{Rarity 6\} Ingredients of the Primary Material
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 5\} Ingredient with \{Energy 9\} or \{Energy 11\} Energy
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 These glasses grant you otherworldly sight.  You can speak the item's Command Word, allowing you to see invisible creatures\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
 and objects as well as allowing you to see into the Ethereal Plane for the next 10 minutes. This property can't be used again until the next dawn.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 **At Higher Ranks:**
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |    Rank    |  Proficiency   | Recipe |   Duration  | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:---------:|:----------------\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ------:| :-----------------:| :----------------:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   1       | \{Prof Level 3\}| 2,500gp: 2 VRr Prmry, <br> 1 Rr Ord/Psy |   10 Min.        
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   2       | \{Prof Level 5\}| 22,000gp: 3 Epc Prmry, <br> 1 Epc Ord/Psy |   Unlimited        
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Evasion
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *\{Prof Level 2\}*
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** Cloaks and Footwear
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** Cobbler, Leatherworker, Weaver
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Attunement:** Yes
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Recipe:**  1,500gp worth of Crafting Supplies, including:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 6\} Ingredient of the Primary Materia\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 l
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 5\} Ingredients with \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 5\}, or \{Energy 2\} Energy
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 When you fail a Dexterity saving throw while wearing this item, you can use your reaction to succeed on that saving throw instead.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Extinguishing
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *\{Prof Level\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  1\}*
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** Any
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** Any
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Attunement:** No
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Recipe:**  300gp worth of Crafting Supplies, including:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 2 \{Rarity 4\} Ingredients of the Primary Material
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 4\} Ingredient with \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 6\} or \{E\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 nergy 2\} Energy
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
The item can be used to extinguish all nonmagical flames within 30 feet of you.  This can be done as a free object interaction, and can be done when drawing the item.  This property can be used no more than once per hour.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 **At Higher R\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 anks:**
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |    Rank    |  Proficiency   | Recipe |   Range (ft.) |     
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:---------:|:----------------------:| :-----------------:| :----------------:| 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   1       | \{Prof Level 1\}| 300gp: 2 Uncmn Prmry, <br> 1 Uncmn Air/Shdw/Wtr     |   30       | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   2       | \{Prof Level 1\}| 400gp: 2 Uncmn Prmry, <br> 1 Uncmn Air/Shdw/Wtr      |   60        | 
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |           |                        |                   \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  |                   |     
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:---------:|:----------------------:| :-----------------:| :----------------:| 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   3       | \{Prof Level 2\}| 500gp: 3 Uncmn Prmry, <br> 1 Uncmn Air/Shdw/Wtr      |   90        | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   4       | \{Prof Level 2\}| 600gp: 1 Rr Prmry\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 , <br> 2 Uncmn Air/Shdw/Wtr    |   120        | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   5       | \{Prof Level 3\}| 700gp: 1 Rr Prmry, <br> 2 Uncmn Air/Shdw/Wtr     |   150        |
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Feather Falling
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *\{Prof Level 2\}*
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** Cloaks, Footwear, Rings
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** Carver, Cobble\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 r, Jeweler, Leatherworker, Weaver
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Attunement:** Yes
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Recipe:**  2,000gp worth of Crafting Supplies, including:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 6\} Ingredient of the Primary Material
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 5\} Ingredient with \{Energy 4\} Energy
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 This item slows y\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
our decent while falling, protecting you from fall damage.  When you fall while wearing this item, you descend 60 feet per round and take no damage from falling.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Force Empowered
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *\{Prof Level 2\}*
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** Any Weapon
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** Carver, Gl\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 assblower, Leatherworker, Smith
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Attunement:** Yes
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Recipe:**  2,000gp worth of Crafting Supplies, including:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 6\} Ingredient of the Primary Material
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 5\} Ingredient with \{Energy 9\} Energy
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 This weapon is infused with energy that causes it to do an additional 1d6 force damage.  This effect cannot be applied to an item with the Energy Empowered or Mighty effect.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 **At Higher Ranks:*\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |    Rank    |  Proficiency   | Recipe |   Damage  |     
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:---------:|:----------------------:| :-----------------:| :----------------:| 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   1       | \{Prof Level 2\}| 2,000gp: 1 VRr Prmry, <br> 1 Rr Ord     |   1d6        | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   2       | \{Prof Level 3\}\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | 3,000gp: 2 VRr Prmry, <br> 1 VRr Ord      |   2d6        | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   3       | \{Prof Level 4\}| 4,500gp: 3 VRr Prmry, <br> 1 VRr Ord     |   3d6        | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   4       | \{Prof Level 5\}| 6,000gp: 1 Epc Prmry, <br> 2 VRr Ord    |   4d6        | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   5       | \{P\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 rof Level 5\}| 10,000gp: 1 Epc Prmry, <br> 2 VRr Ord    |   5d6        |
\par 
\par \\\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 pagebreakNum
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Force Weapon
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *\{Prof Level 2\}*
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** Any Weapon
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** Carver, Glassblower, Leatherworker, Smith
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Attunement:** Yes
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Recipe:**  800gp wor\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 th of Crafting Supplies, including:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 5\} Ingredient of the Primary Material
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 2 \{Rarity 4\} Ingredients with \{Energy 9\} Energy
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; If a two handed weapon is being crafted, the Supply Cost increases by 200gp 
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 The portion o\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 f this weapon that would normally strike an enemy has been replaced with pure force energy. The weapon's damage type changes to force damage.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 This effect cannot be combined with Energy Weapon. 
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 This effect does not contribute to three effect limit of an item.  This effect changes the primary material type of the crafted item to Essence.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Forest Tread
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *\{Prof Level 4\}*
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** Footwear
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** Cobbler
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Attunement:** No
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - *\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *Recipe:**  4,000gp worth of Crafting Supplies, including:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 2 \{Rarity 6\} Ingredients of the Primary Material
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 6\} Ingredient with \{Energy 5\} or \{Energy 12\} Energy
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 While wearing this footwear, plants rearrange themselves ar\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ound your step to aid your movement.  While wearing this item, you ignore difficult terrain caused by vegetation.

\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Free Movement
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *\{Prof Level 5\}*
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** Cloaks and Footwear
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** Cobbler, Leatherworker, Weaver
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Attunement:** Ye\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 s
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Recipe:**  12,000gp worth of Crafting Supplies, including:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 8\} Ingredient of the Primary Material
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 3 \{Rarity 6\} Ingredients with \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 5\}, or \{Energy 2\} Energy
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 This item prevents your movement from bein\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 g inhibited by magic.  While wearing it, magic can neither reduce your speed nor cause you to be paralyzed or restrained.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Free Tread
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *\{Prof Level 4\}*
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** Footwear
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** Cobbler
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Attunement:** No
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Recipe:**  8,000gp worth of Crafting Supplies, including:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 7\} Ingredient of the Primary Material
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 2 \{Rarity 6\} Ingredients with \{Energy 3\} or \{Energy 12\} Energy
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Nothing can impede your stride while wearing this footwe\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ar.  While wearing this item, difficult terrain doesn't cost you extra movement.
\par 
\par \\\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 columnbreak
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Gem of Power
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *\{Prof Level 2\}*
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** Any Jewelry
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** Jeweler
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Attunement:** Yes (By a Spellcaster)
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Recipe:**  2,000gp worth o\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 f Crafting Supplies, including:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 6\} Ingredient of the Primary Material
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 5\} Ingredient with \{Energy 10\} or \{Energy 1\} Energy
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 While this gem is on your person, you can use an action to speak its command word and re\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
gain one expended spell slot. If the expended slot is of 2nd Level or higher, the new slot is 1st Level. Once you have used the item, it can't be used again until the next dawn. The maximum level of the spell slot that can be recovered goes up with the it
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 e\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 m's rank.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 **At Higher Ranks:**
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |    Rank    |  Proficiency   | Recipe |   Max Spell Slot |     
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:---------:|:----------------------:| :-----------------:| :----------------:| 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   1       | \{Prof Level 2\}| 2,000gp: <br> 1 VRr Prmry, <br> 1 Rr Chtc     |   1st        | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   2       | \{Prof Level 3\}| 2,000gp: <br> 1 VRr Prmry, <br> 1 Rr Chtc      |   2nd        | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   3       | \{Prof Level 4\}| 2,500gp: <br> 2 VRr Prmry, <br> 1 Rr \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Chtc      |   3rd        | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   4       | \{Prof Level 4\}| 3,500gp: <br> 2 VRr Prmry, <br> 1 VRr Chtc      |   4th        | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   5       | \{Prof Level 5\}| 10,000gp: <br> 1 Epc Prmry, <br> 2 VRr Chtc  |   5th        |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   6       | \{Prof Level 5\}| 19,000gp: \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 <br> 1 Lgdry Prmry, <br> 1 Epc Chtc    |   6th        |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   7       | \{Prof Level 5\}| 38,000gp: <br> 2 Lgdry Prmry, <br> 1 Lgdry Chtc    |   7th        |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   8       | \{Prof Level 5\}| 75,000gp: <br> 1 Mthc Prmry, <br> 2 Lgdry Chtc   |   8th        |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   9 \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506       | \{Prof Level 5\}| 155,000gp: <br> 2 Mthc Prmry, <br> 1 Mthc Chtc   |   9th        |
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Heat Proof
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *\{Prof Level 2\}*
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** Any Wearable Item Except Glasses
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** All but Glassblower
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Attunement:** No
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Requirement:**
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 nbsp; 1,000gp worth of Crafting Supplies, including: 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 5\} Ingredient of the Primary Material
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 2 \{Rarity 4\} Ingredients with \{Energy 1\} or \{Energy 2\} Energy
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 This item protects you from extremely hot environments.  While wea\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ring it, you can tolerate temperatures high as 150 degrees Fahrenheit.
\par 
\par \\\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 pagebreakNum
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Holding
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *\{Prof Level 1\}*
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** Bags 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** Leatherworker, Weaver
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Attunement:** No
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Recipe:**  300gp worth of Crafting Supplies, including:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 2 \{Rarity 4\} Ingredients of the Primary Material
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 4\} Ingredient \{Energy 10\} or \{Energy 9\} Energy
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 The interior of this bag contains an extra-dimentional space tha\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 t can hold up to 20 pounds of material, not exceeding a volume of 2 cubic feet. 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 if the it is turned inside out, its contents spill forth, unharmed, and the bag must be put right before it can be used again. If a breathing creature is placed within the bag\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
, the creature can survive for up to 10 minutes, after which time it begins to suffocate.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Placing the bag inside an extra-dimensional space created by a Bag of Holding, Portable Hole, or similar item instantly destroys both items and opens a gate to the A\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
stral Plane. The gate originates where one item was placed inside the other. Any creature within 10 feet of the gate is sucked through it and deposited in a random location on the Astral Plane. The gate then closes. The gate is one-way only and can't be r
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 e\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 opened.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 **At Higher Ranks:**
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |    Rank    |  Proficiency   | Recipe |   Pounds  |  Cubic <br> Feet  
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:---------:|:----------------------:| :-----------------:| :----------------:| :----------------:| 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   1       | \{Prof Level 1\}| 300gp: <br> 2 Uncmn Prm\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ry, <br> 1 Uncmn Chtc/Ord    |   20        |  2  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   2       | \{Prof Level 1\}| 300gp: <br> 2 Uncmn Prmry, <br> 1 Uncmn Chtc/Ord    |   40        |  4  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   3       | \{Prof Level 2\}| 300gp: <br> 2 Uncmn Prmry, <br> 1 Uncmn Chtc/Ord    |   60        |  6 \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   4       | \{Prof Level 2\}| 300gp: <br> 2 Uncmn Prmry, <br> 1 Uncmn Chtc/Ord    |   80        |  8  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   5       | \{Prof Level 3\}| 1,500gp: <br> 1 VRr Prmry, <br> 1 Rr Chtc/Ord       |   160       |  16  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   6       | \{Prof Level 3\}| 1,000gp: <br> \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 1 Rr Prmry,  <br> 2 Uncmn Chtc/Ord    |   240       |  32  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   7       | \{Prof Level 3\}| 1,000gp: <br> 1 Rr Prmry,  <br> 2 Uncmn Chtc/Ord    |   480       |  64  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   8       | \{Prof Level 4\}| 1,500gp: <br> 1 VRr Prmry, <br> 1 Rr Chtc/Ord       |   960 \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506       |  128  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   9       | \{Prof Level 4\}| 2,000gp: <br> 1 VRr Prmry, <br> 1 Rr Chtc/Ord       |   1440      |  192  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   10      | \{Prof Level 4\}| 2,000gp: <br> 1 VRr Prmry, <br> 1 Rr Chtc/Ord       |   1920      |  256  |
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Horseshoes of Speed
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *\{\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Prof Level 2\}*
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** Horseshoes
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** Smiths
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Attunement:** No
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Requirement:**
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1,000gp worth of Crafting Supplies, including: 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 5\} Ingredient of the Primary Material
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 2 \{Rarity 4\} Ingredients with \{Energy 4\} Energy
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 These iron horseshoes come in a set of four. While all four shoes are affixed to the hooves of a horse or similar creature, they incre\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
ase the creature's walking speed by 10 feet.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 **At Higher Ranks:**
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |    Rank    |  Proficiency   | Recipe | Speed <br> Increase |     
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:---------:|:----------------------:| :-----------------:| :----------------:| 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   1       | \{Prof Level 2\}| 1,000gp: 1\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  Rr Prmry, <br> 2 Uncmn Air     |   10ft.        | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   2       | \{Prof Level 3\}| 1,500gp: 1 VRr Prmry, <br> 1 Rr Air      |   20ft.        | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   3       | \{Prof Level 3\}| 2,500gp: 2 VRr Prmry, <br> 1 Rr Air     |   30ft.        | 
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Ice Tread
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *\{Prof \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Level 4\}*
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** Footwear
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** Cobbler
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Attunement:** No
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Recipe:**  4,000gp worth of Crafting Supplies, including:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 2 \{Rarity 6\} Ingredients of the Primary Material
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 6\} Ingredient with \{Energy 2\} E\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 nergy
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Slick ice and deep snow pose no danger to this footwear.  While wearing this item, you ignore difficult terrain caused by ice or snow.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Inflicting
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *\{Prof Level 2\}*
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** Any Weapon
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** Carver, Glassblower, Leatherworker, Smith
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Attunement:** Yes
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Recipe:**  1,000gp worth of Crafting Supplies, including: 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 5\} Ingredient of the Primary Material
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 2 \{Rarity 4\} Ingredients with an Energy Type D\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 etermined by the Inflicted Effect
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
Once per turn, when you hit a creature with an attack using this weapon, you can inflict it with a condition that damages it over time.  At the time of the weapon's crafting, choose whether you want the inflicted condi
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 tion to be **Dissolving** acid, **Immolating** flames, or **Rotting** necrosis. 
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 At the start of each of the inflicted creature's turns, it takes 2d4 damage of a type determined by the weapon's effect for each time you've inflicted it, and it can then mak\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
e a DC 15 saving throw, ending the effect of all such effects on a success.   
\par 
\par \\\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 pagebreakNum
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Alternatively, the inflicted creature, or a creature within 5 feet of it, can use an action to make a check with DC 15 to end all effects inflicting it.  The typ\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
e of save and type of check are determined by the nature of the effect inflicting the creature.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 **Inflicted Effect Options:**
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |    Effect | Required <br> Energy                |  Damage <br> Type | Save <br> Type     |   Check to  <br> End Effect  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:---\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ------:|:-----------------------------------:|:-----------------:| :-----------------:| :----------------:|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | Dissolving| Fiendish, <br> Primeval, <br>  Water| Acid              | Con                |   Wisdom <br> (Medicine)        
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | Immolating| Fiendish\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 , <br> Fire                 | Fire              | Dex                |   Dexterity       
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | Rotting   | Fiendish, <br> Shadow               | Necrotic          | Con                |   Wisdom <br> (Medicine)
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 **At Higher Ranks:**
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |    Rank    |  Proficienc\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 y   | Recipe |   Damage  | DC |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:---------:|:----------------------:| :-----------------:| :----------------:| :----------------:|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   1       | \{Prof Level 2\}| 1,000gp: 1 Rr Prmry, <br> 2 Uncmn ReqEnrgy|   2d4        | 15
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   2       | \{Prof Level 3\}| 1,500gp: 1 VRr Prmry, <br> 1 Rr ReqEnrgy|   4d4        | 17
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   3       | \{Prof Level 3\}| 2,500gp: 2 VRr Prmry, <br> 1 Rr ReqEnrgy|   6d4        | 17
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   4       | \{Prof Level 4\}| 3,500gp: 2 VRr Prmry, <br> 1 VRr ReqEnrgy|   8\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 d4        | 18
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   5       | \{Prof Level 5\}| 5,000gp: 3 VRr Prmry, <br> 1 VRr ReqEnrgy|   10d4        | 19
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Intercepting
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *\{Prof Level 3\}*
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** Shield
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** Carver, Leatherworker, Smith
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Attunement:** Yes
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Recipe:**  5,000g\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 p worth of Crafting Supplies, including: 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 3 \{Rarity 6\} Ingredients of the Primary Material
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 6\} Ingredient with \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 3\}, or \{Energy 9\} Energy
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 The shield designed to intercept attacks meant for your allies. W\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
henever an attacker makes a attack against a target within 5 feet of you, you can use your reaction to become the target of the attack instead.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Intimidating
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *\{Prof Level 1\}*
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** Rod or Staff
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** Carver, Glassblower, Jeweler,\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  Smith
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Attunement:** No
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Recipe:**  700gp worth of Crafting Supplies, including:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 5\} Ingredient of the Primary Material
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 2 \{Rarity 4\} Ingredients with \{Energy 5\}, \{Energy 8\}, \{Energy 11\}, or \{Energy 6\} Energy
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 This r\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
od or staff can be used to frighten whole crowds of onlookers. While holding the item, you can you can use an action to force each creature you can see within 30 feet of you to make a DC 12 Wisdom saving throw. On a failure, a target is Frightened of you.
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
A Frightened target can repeat the saving throw at the end of each of its turns, ending the effect on itself on a success. This property can't be used again until the next dawn.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 **At Higher Ranks:**
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |    Rank    |  Proficiency   | Recipe |   Save DC | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:---------:|:----------------------:| :-----------------:| :----------------:|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   1       | \{Prof Level 1\}| 700gp: 1 Rr Prmry, <br> 2 Uncmn Fey/Fndsh/Psy/Shdw |  12   |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   2       | \{Prof Level 2\}| 4\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 00gp: 2 Uncmn Prmry, <br> 1 Uncmn Fey/Fndsh/Psy/Shdw    |  15   |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   3       | \{Prof Level 3\}| 600gp: 1 Rr Prmry, <br> 2 Uncmn Fey/Fndsh/Psy/Shdw  |  17   |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   4       | \{Prof Level 4\}| 800gp: 1 Rr Prmry, <br> 2 Uncmn Fey/Fndsh/Psy/Shdw  |  18   |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   5 \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506       | \{Prof Level 5\}| 1,000gp: 1 Rr Prmry, <br> 2 Uncmn Fey/Fndsh/Psy/Shdw  |  19   |
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Invigorating
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *\{Prof Level 1\}*
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** Any Wearable Item
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** Any
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Attunement:** Yes
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Recipe:**  600gp worth of Crafting Supplies, inclu\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ding:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 5\} Ingredient of the Primary Material
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 2 \{Rarity 4\} Ingredients with \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 1\}, or \{Energy 12\} Energy
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 This item bolsters your ability to push through intense levels of fatigue. While wearing this item, \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 you suffer levels of exhaustion as though they were one level less.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Invisibility
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *\{Prof Level 4\}*
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** Cloaks, Headgear, and Jewelry
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** Carver, Jeweler, Leatherworker, Smith, Weaver
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Attunement:** Yes
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Recipe:**  10,00\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 0gp worth of Crafting Supplies, including:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 7\} Ingredient of the Primary Material
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 2 \{Rarity 6\} Ingredients with \{Energy 2\} Energy
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
While wearing this item, you can turn Invisible as an action. Anything you are wearing or carrying is Invisible with you. You remain Invisible until the item is removed, until you Attack or Cast a Spell, or until you use a Bonus Action to become visible a
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 g\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ain.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Life Draining
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *\{Prof Level 1\}*
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** Any Melee Weapon
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** Carver, Glassblower, Leatherworker, Smith
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Attunement:** No
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Recipe:**  700gp worth of Crafting Supplies, including: 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 5\} Ingredient of t\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 he Primary Material
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 2 \{Rarity 4\} Ingredients with \{Energy 8\} or \{Energy 6\} Energy
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par 
\par \\\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 pagebreakNum
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Attacks from this weapon are capable of draining the life from their victims.  When you hit a creature with a melee attack using this weapon, y\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
ou can force the target to make a DC 13 Constitution saving throw. On a failure, the target rakes an extra 2d6 necrotic damage, and you regain a number of Hit Points equal to half that necrotic damage. This property can't be used again until the next dawn
.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 **At Higher Ranks:**
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |    Rank    |  Proficiency   | Recipe |   Damage  | DC |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:---------:|:----------------------:| :-----------------:| :----------------:| :----------------:|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   1       | \{Prof Level 1\}| 700gp: 1 Rr Prmry, <br> 2 Uncmn Fnd/Shdw|   \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 2d6        | 13
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   2       | \{Prof Level 2\}| 1,000gp: 1 Rr Prmry, <br> 2 Uncmn Fnd/Shdw|   4d6        | 15
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   3       | \{Prof Level 3\}| 1,500gp: 1 VRr Prmry, <br> 1 Rr Fnd/Shdw|   6d6        | 17
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   4       | \{Prof Level 4\}| 2,500gp: 2 VRr Prmry, <br> 1\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  Rr Fnd/Shdw|   8d6        | 18
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   5       | \{Prof Level 5\}| 3,500gp: 2 VRr Prmry, <br> 1 VRr Fnd/Shdw|   10d6        | 19
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Light
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *\{Prof Level 1\}*
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** Any
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** Any
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Attunement:** No
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Recipe:**  300gp worth of Crafting Supplies, including:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 2 \{Rarity 4\} Ingredients of the Primary Material
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 4\} Ingredient with \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 1\} or \{Energy 5\} Energy
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 As an action, you can cause the item to shed bri\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
ght light in a 30 ft. radius and dim light for an additional 30 feet.  You can use another action to cause the object to stop shedding light.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 **At Higher Ranks:**
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |    Rank    |  Proficiency   | Recipe |   Range (ft.) <br> Bright Light / <br> Dim Light | \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:---------:|:----------------------:| :-----------------:| :----------------:| 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   1       | \{Prof Level 1\}| 300gp: 2 Uncmn Prmry, <br> 1 Uncmn Celstl/Fire/Fey     |   30/30       | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   2       | \{Prof Level 2\}| 800gp: 1 Rr Prmry, <br> 2 Uncmn Cels\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 tl/Fire/Fey     |   60/60        | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   3       | \{Prof Level 3\}| 1,500gp: 1 VRr Prmry, <br> 1 Rr Celstl/Fire/Fey     |   90/90        |
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Light Devouring
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *\{Prof Level 1\}*
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** Any
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** All
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Attunement:** No
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Recipe:**  40\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 0gp worth of Crafting Supplies, including:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 2 \{Rarity 4\} Ingredients of the Primary Material
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 4\} Ingredient with \{Energy 6\} Energy
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
You may use an action to use the item to create an aura of darkness emanating from the object in a 10-foot radius of darkness and dim light for another 10 feet. Creatures with darkvision can still see through the darkness, but only magical light can illum
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 i\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 nate it. The darkness continues until you use a bonus action to dismiss it.  This effect stacks with other instances of itself from other sources.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Lightning
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *\{Prof Level 1\}*
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** Any Thrown Weapon
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** Carver, Glassblower, Smi\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 th
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Attunement:** No
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Recipe:**  700gp worth of Crafting Supplies, including: 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 5\} Ingredient of the Primary Material
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 2 \{Rarity 4\} Ingredients with \{Energy 4\} or \{Energy 7\} Energy
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 When you throw this weapon and spea\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
k its Command Word, it transforms, forming a line 5 feet wide that extends out from you to a target within 120 feet. Each creature in the line excluding you and the target must make a DC 12 Dexterity saving throw, taking 2d6 lighting damage on a failed sa
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 v\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
e, and half as much damage on a successful one. The weapon turns back into a it's original form when it reaches the target. When you hit a target with a ranged weapon attack, the target takes damage from the weapon plus 2d6 lightning damage. The weapon ca
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 n\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 't be used this way again until the next dawn.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 **At Higher Ranks:**
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |    Rank    |  Proficiency   | Recipe |   Damage  | DC |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:---------:|:----------------------:| :-----------------:| :----------------:| :----------------:|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   1       | \{Prof Level 1\}|\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  700gp: 1 Rr Prmry, <br> 2 Uncmn Air/Clstl|   2d6        | 13
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   2       | \{Prof Level 2\}| 1,000gp: 1 Rr Prmry, <br> 2 Uncmn Air/Clstl|   4d6        | 15
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   3       | \{Prof Level 3\}| 1,500gp: 1 VRr Prmry, <br> 1 Rr Air/Clstl|   6d6        | 17
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   4     \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506   | \{Prof Level 3\}| 2,000gp: 1 VRr Prmry, <br> 1 Rr Air/Clstl|   8d6        | 17
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |       |     |  |    |  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:---------:|:----------------------:| :-----------------:| :----------------:| :----------------:|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   5       | \{Prof Level 4\}| 3,500gp: 2 VRr Pr\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 mry, <br> 1 VRr Air/Clstl|   10d6        | 18
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Magic Armor / Shield +1, +2, +3
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *\{Prof Level 2\}*
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** Armor or Shield
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** Carver, Leatherworker, Smith, Weaver
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Attunement:** No
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Recipe:**  3,000gp worth of Crafting Supplies, including: 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 2 \{Rarity 6\} Ingredients of the Primary Material
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 This item is magically enhanced to give a +1 to its wearer's AC while equipped.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 **At Higher Ranks:**
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |    Rank    |  Proficiency\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506    | Recipe |   Armor <br> Bonus  | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:---------:|:----------------------:| :-----------------:| :----------------:|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   1       | \{Prof Level 2\}| 3,000gp: 2 VRr Prmry |   +1        |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   2       | \{Prof Level 3\}| 9,000gp: 1 Epic Prmry |   +2        |
\par 
\par \\\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 pa\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 gebreakNum
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |      |    |  |    | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:---------:|:----------------------:| :-----------------:| :----------------:|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   3       | \{Prof Level 5\}| 36,000gp: 2 Lgndry Prmry |   +3        |
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Magic Weapon +1, +2, +3
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *\{Prof Level 2\}*
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** An\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 y Weapon
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** Carver, Glassblower, Leatherworker, Smith
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Attunement:** No
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Recipe:**  1000gp worth of Crafting Supplies, including: 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 5\} Ingredient of the Primary Material
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 The weapon is magically enhanced to give a +1 to attack and damage rolls.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 **At Higher Ranks:**
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |    Rank    |  Proficiency   | Recipe |   Weapon <br> Bonus  | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:---------:|:----------------------:| :-----------------:| :----------------:|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   1       | \{\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Prof Level 2\}| 1,000gp: 1 Rr Prmry |   +1        |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   2       | \{Prof Level 3\}| 3,000gp: 2 VRr Prmry |   +2        |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   3       | \{Prof Level 5\}| 12,000gp: 1 Lgndry Prmry |   +3        |
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Magma Tread
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *\{Prof Level 2\}*
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** Footwear
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 **Tools:** Cobbler
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Attunement:** No
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Recipe:**  1,500gp worth of Crafting Supplies, including:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 6\} Ingredient of the Primary Material
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 5\} Ingredient with \{Energy 1\} or \{Energy 8\} Energy
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 This footwear allo\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
ws you to treat floors made of lava like any other floor.  While wearing this item, you can stand and walk across molten rock as if it were solid ground, and ignore the heat and other environmental dangers it poses.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Malleable
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *\{Prof Level 1\}*
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - *\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *Item Type:** Any 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** Any
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Attunement:** Yes
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Recipe:**  400gp worth of Crafting Supplies, including:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 2 \{Rarity 4\} Ingredients of the Primary Material
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 4\} Ingredient with \{Energy 10\} Energy
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 The form this item takes can be changed at the end of a short rest allowing it to become a different item type.  The new form can be any item type including weapons and armor.  Any other magic
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 al properties the item has that can't be applied to its new item type cease to function while it has that form.  For example, a +1 weapon that is turned into armor will cease to grant any form of attack bonus.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Mighty
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *\{Prof Level 2\}*
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Typ\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 e:** Any Weapon
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** Carver, Glassblower, Leatherworker, Smith
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Attunement:** No
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Recipe:**  2,000gp worth of Crafting Supplies, including:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 6\} Ingredient of the Primary Material
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 5\} Ingredient with \{En\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ergy 3\} or \{Energy 12\} Energy
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 This weapon is enhanced to deliver more devastating attacks.  It does an additional 1d6 damage.  This effect cannot be applied to an item with the Energy Empowered or Force Empowered effect.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 **At Higher Ranks:**
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |    Rank\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     |  Proficiency   | Recipe |   Damage  |     
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:---------:|:----------------------:| :-----------------:| :----------------:| 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   1       | \{Prof Level 2\}| 2,000gp: <br> 1 VRr Prmry, <br> 1 Rr Erth/Prmvl     |   1d6        | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   2       | \{Prof Level \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 3\}| 2,500gp: <br> 2 VRr Prmry, <br> 1 Rr Erth/Prmvl     |   2d6        | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   3       | \{Prof Level 4\}| 4,000gp: <br> 2 VRr Prmry, <br> 1 VRr Erth/Prmvl    |   3d6        | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   4       | \{Prof Level 5\}| 6,000gp: <br> 1 Epc Prmry, <br> 2 VRr Erth/Prmvl    \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   4d6        | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   5       | \{Prof Level 5\}| 9,000gp: <br> 1 Epc Prmry, <br> 2 VRr Erth/Prmvl    |   5d6        |
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Mind Shielding
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *\{Prof Level 4\}*
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** Headgear
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** Carver, Jeweler, Leatherworker, Smith, Weaver
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Attunement:** Yes
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Recipe:**  10,000gp worth of Crafting Supplies, including:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 7\} Ingredient of the Primary Material
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 2 \{Rarity 6\} Ingredients with \{Energy 9\} o\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 r \{Energy 11\} Energy
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
This item shields your mind from magical intrusion. While wearing it, you are immune to magic that allows other creatures to read your thoughts, determine whether you are lying, know your Alignment, or know your creature type. Crea
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 tures can telepathically communicate with you only if you allow it.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Missile Snaring
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *\{Prof Level 3\}*
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** Gloves
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** Leatherworker, Weaver
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Attunement:** Yes
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Recipe:**  3,000gp worth of Crafting Supplies, including:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 * &nbsp; 2 \{Rarity 6\} Ingredient of the Primary Material
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 6\} Ingredient with \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 9\}, or \{Energy 2\}  Energy
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 When a ranged weapon attack hits you while you're wearing these gloves, you can use your reaction to reduce t\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
he damage by 1d10+your Dexterity modifier provided that you have a free hand. If you reduce the damage to 0, you can catch the missile if it is small enough for you to hold in that hand.
\par 
\par \\\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 pagebreakNum
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 **At Higher Ranks:**
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |    Rank    |  Proficiency  | R\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ecipe |       Damage <br> Reduction    |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:---------:|:----------------------:| :-----------------:| :----------------:|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   1       | \{Prof Level 3\}| 3,000gp: <br> 2 VRr Prmry, <br> 1 VRr Air/Ord/Wtr  |      1d10     | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   2       | \{Prof Level 4\}| 3,000gp: <br> 2 VRr Prmry, <br> 1 VRr Air/Ord/Wtr |     3d10     | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   3       | \{Prof Level 4\}| 3,000gp: <br> 2 VRr Prmry, <\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 br> 1 VRr Air/Ord/Wtr  |    5d10     | 
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Mountaineering
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *\{Prof Level 3\}*
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** Footwear and Gloves
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** Cobbler, Leatherworker, Smith, Weaver
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Attunement:** Yes
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Recipe:**  2,500gp worth of Crafting Supplies, including:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 * &nbsp; 2 \{Rarity 6\} Ingredients of the Primary Material
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 5\} Ingredient with \{Energy 8\} or \{Energy 12\} Energy
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 When climbing, this item magically grips surfaces.  While wearing it, climbing doesn't cost you extra movement.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Omn\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 iscient
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *\{Prof Level 3\}*
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** Any Melee Weapon
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** Carver, Glassblower, Leatherworker, Smith
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Attunement:** Yes
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Recipe:**  2,500gp worth of Crafting Supplies, including:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 2 \{Rarity 6\} Ingredients of the Primary Mat\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 erial
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 5\} Ingredient with \{Energy 9\} or \{Energy 11\} Energy
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 The weapon gives you insights into the next attack your opponents will make against you.  Upon hit, until the start of your next turn, you can use your reaction to cause the\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
 next attack the target makes against you have disadvantage or the next save you make against an effect caused by the target have advantage.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Paralyzing
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *\{Prof Level 3\}*
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** Any Weapon
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** Carver, Glassblower, Leatherworker, Smith
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Attunement:** No
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Recipe:**  4,000gp worth of Crafting Supplies, including:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 2 \{Rarity 6\} Ingredients of the Primary Material
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 6\} Ingredient with \{Energy 4\} or \{Ene\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 rgy 9\} Energy
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
Strikes from this weapon are capable of paralyzing their targets. When you hit a creature with an attack using this weapon, you can force the target to make a DC 17 Strength saving throw.  On a failure, the target is Paralyzed. The target
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  can repeat the saving throw at the end of each of its turns, ending the effect on a success. This property can't be used again until the next dawn.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 **At Higher Ranks:**
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |    Rank    |  Proficiency  | Recipe |       Save DC   |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:---------:|:-------------\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ---------:| :-----------------:| :----------------:|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   1       | \{Prof Level 3\}| 4,000gp: <br> 2 VRr Prmry, <br> 1 VRr Air/Ord  |      17     | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   2       | \{Prof Level 4\}| 1,000gp: 1 Rr Prmry, <br> 2 Uncmn Air/Ord |     18    | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   3       | \{Prof Le\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 vel 5\}| 1,000gp: 1 Rr Prmry, <br> 2 Uncmn Air/Ord  |    19     | 
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Poison Proof
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *\{Prof Level 2\}*
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** Belts and Jewelry
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** Carver, Jeweler, Leatherworker, Smith, Weaver
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Attunement:** No
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Recipe:**  1,500gp worth of Cra\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 fting Supplies, including:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 6\} Ingredient of the Primary Material
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 5\} Ingredients with \{Energy 3\} or \{Energy 8\} Energy
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 This item boosts your ability to stave off poisons.  While wearing it, you have advantage on \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 saving throws against being poisoned.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 **At Higher Ranks:**
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |    Rank    |  Proficiency   | Recipe |   Effect |     
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:---------:|:----------------------:| :-----------------:| :----------------:| 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   1       | \{Prof Level 2\}| 1,500gp: <br> 1 VRr Prmry, <br> 1 Rr Erth/Fndsh     |Advantage on <br> Saves Against <br> Being Poisoned     | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   2       | \{Prof Level 3\}| 2,0\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 00gp: <br> 1 VRr Prmry, <br> 1 Rr Erth/Fndsh     |   Immunity to <br> Being Poisoned   | 
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Proof Against Detection
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *\{Prof Level 5\}*
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** Cloaks, Headgear, and Jewelry
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** Carver, Jeweler, Leatherworker, Smith, Weaver
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Attun\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ement:** Yes
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Recipe:**  20,000gp worth of Crafting Supplies, including:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 8\} Ingredient of the Primary Material
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 7\} Ingredient with \{Energy 10\} or \{Energy 5\} Energy
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 This item protects you from any form of magi\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
cal spying or detection. While wearing it, you are hidden from divination magic. You can't be targeted by such magic or perceived through magical scrying sensors.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Protection
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *\{Prof Level 2\}*
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** Cloaks, Jewelry
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** Carver, J\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 eweler, Leatherworker, Weaver
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Attunement:** Yes
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Recipe:**  2,000gp worth of Crafting Supplies, including:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 6\} Ingredient of the Primary Material
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 5\} Ingredient with \{Energy 3\} or \{Energy 9\} Energy
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 The item offers magical protection from attacks.  While wearing it you have a +1 to AC.
\par 
\par \\\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 pagebreakNum
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Recovery
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *\{Prof Level 1\}*
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** Belts, Jewelry
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** Carver, Jeweler, Leatherworker, Smith, Weaver
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Attunement:** Yes
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Recipe:**  600gp worth of Crafting Supplies, including:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 5\} Ingredient of the Primary Material
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 2 \{Rarity 4\} Ingredients with \{Energy 12\}, or \{Energy 2\} Energy
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 The item possess healing energies that boost your natural heal\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ing ability. Whenever you roll a hit die to regain hit points while wearing this item, add 1 to the result rolled.

\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 **At Higher Ranks:**
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |    Rank    |  Proficiency   | Recipe |   Effect  | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:---------:|:----------------------:| :-----------------:| :----\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ------------:|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   1       | \{Prof Level 1\}| 600gp: 1 Rr Prmry, <br> 2 Uncmn Prmvl/Wtr |   Add 1 to <br> Result Rolled        |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   2       | \{Prof Level 3\}| 3,500gp: 2 VRr Prmry, <br> 1 VRr Prmvl/Wtr | Double <br> Result Rolled   |
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Resistance
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *\{Prof\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  Level 3\}*
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** Armor, Cloths, Headgear, Jewelry, Shields
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** Carver, Jeweler, Leatherworker, Smith, Weaver
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Attunement:** Yes
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Recipe:**  Varies
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 While wearing or carrying this item you gain resistance to a specific damage type.  The damage type determines the recipe.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | Damage Type |   Recipe  |     
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:-----------------:| :----------------:| 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | Acid       |  3,000gp: <br> 2 VRr Prmry, <br> 1 VRr Er\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 th/Wtr    |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | Cold       |  3,000gp: <br> 2 VRr Prmry, <br> 1 VRr Shdw/Wtr    |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | Fire       |  3,000gp: <br> 2 VRr Prmry, <br> 1 VRr Fire/Fnd    | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | Lightning  |  3,000gp: <br> 2 VRr Prmry, <br> 1 VRr Air/Erth    | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | Necrotic   |  4,000gp: <br> 2 VRr Pr\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 mry, <br> 1 VRr Clstl/Shdw  | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | Poison     |  3,000gp: <br> 2 VRr Prmry, <br> 1 VRr Erth/Fnd    | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | Psychic    |  4,000gp: <br> 2 VRr Prmry, <br> 1 VRr Ord/Psy     |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | Radiant    |  4,000gp: <br> 2 VRr Prmry, <br> 1 VRr Ord/Clstl   |
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |  |    |     
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:--\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ---------------:| :----------------:| 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | Thunder    |  3,000gp: <br> 2 VRr Prmry, <br> 1 VRr Air         | 
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Returning
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *\{Prof Level 2\}*
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** Any Thrown Weapon
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** Carver, Glassblower, Smith
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Attunement:** No
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Recipe:**  \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 2,000gp worth of Crafting Supplies, including:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 6\} Ingredient of the Primary Material
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 5\} Ingredient with \{Energy 4\} or \{Energy 11\} Energy
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Immediately after making a thrown attack with the weapon, it flies back to your hand.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Seeking Spells
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *\{Prof Level 1\}*
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** Rods, Staffs, Wands
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** Carver, Glassworker, Jeweler, Smith
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Attunement:** Yes (By a Spellcaster)
\par -\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  **Recipe:**  400gp worth of Crafting Supplies, including:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 2 \{Rarity 4\} Ingredients of the Primary Material
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 4\} Ingredient with \{Energy 10\} or \{Energy 5\} Energy
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Spells cast from this item phase through barriers to reach \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 their targets.  The item can serve as a spell casting focus and spell attacks cast from it ignore half cover.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Sentinel
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *\{Prof Level 4\}*
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** Glasses, Headgear, Shields
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** All but Cobbler
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Attunement:** No
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Recipe:**  1\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 0,000gp worth of Crafting Supplies, including:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 7\} Ingredient of the Primary Material
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 2 \{Rarity 6\} Ingredients with \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 9\} or \{Energy 11\} Energy
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 This item aids in responding quickly to danger.  While you h\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ave it equipped, you have advantage on Initiative rolls.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Shifting
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *\{Prof Level 1\}*
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** Any
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** Any
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Attunement:** Yes
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Recipe:**  500gp worth of Crafting Supplies, including:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 3 \{Rarity 4\} Ingredients of the Primary Material
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 4\} Ingredient with \{Energy 5\} Energy
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 You can use an action to transform this item into a mundane item worth no \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
more than 1 gp.  The item must retain the same weight and volume. The item loses all its other features while in this alternate form.  The item reverts to its original form if the attunement ends.
\par 
\par \\\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 pagebreakNum
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Skill Boosting
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *\{Prof Level 1\}*
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 **Item Type:** Any Item Except Weapons
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** Any
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Attunement:** No
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Recipe:**  500gp worth of Crafting Supplies, including:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 3 \{Rarity 4\} Ingredients of the Primary Material
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 4\} Ingredient with \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  8\}, or \{Energy 5\} Energy
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
Choose a skill at the time of this item's creation.  While this item is equipped, it grants you a +1 to skill checks made using the chosen skill.  When upgrading this item, you may change the chosen skill.  You may have multip
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 le instances of this effect on the same item if a different skill is chosen for each instance.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 **At Higher Ranks:**
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |    Rank    |  Proficiency   | Recipe |   Skill <br> Bonus  | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:---------:|:----------------------:| :-----------------:| :--------------\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 --:|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   1       | \{Prof Level 1\}| 500gp: 3 Uncmn Prmry, <br> 1 Uncmn Clstl/Fey/Fnd |   +1        |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   2       | \{Prof Level 2\}| 1,000gp: 1 Rr Prmry, <br> 2 Uncmn Clstl/Fey/Fnd | +2   |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   3       | \{Prof Level 3\}| 2,000gp: 1 VRr Prmry, <br> 1 Rr Clstl/Fey/Fnd|   +3   |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   4       | \{Prof Level 4\}| 3,500gp: 2 VRr Prmry, <br> 1 VRr Clstl/Fey/Fnd|   +4   |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   5       | \{Prof Level 5\}| 6,000gp: 1 Epc Prmry, <br> 2 VRr Clstl/Fey/Fnd|   +5 \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506   |
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Slaying
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *\{Prof Level 2\}*
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** Any Weapon
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** Carver, Glassblower, Leatherworker, Smith
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Attunement:** Yes
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Recipe:**  1,500gp worth of Crafting Supplies, including:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 6\} Ingredient of the Primary \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Material
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 5\} Ingredients with \{Energy 6\} Energy 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 This weapon can rip through the lives of victims that are already near death.  If a creature has 5 HP or fewer after taking damage from this weapon, it is instantly slain. At higher 
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ranks the HP threshold for this effect to trigger increases.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 **At Higher Ranks:**
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |    Rank    |  Proficiency   | Recipe |   HP <br> Threshold  |     
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:---------:|:----------------------:| :-----------------:| :----------------:| 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   1       | \{Prof Lev\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 el 2\}| 1,500gp: 1 VRr Prmry, <br> 1 Rr Shdw     |   5        | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   2       | \{Prof Level 3\}| 2,000gp: 1 VRr Prmry, <br> 1 Rr Shdw     |   10        | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   3       | \{Prof Level 4\}| 2,500gp: <br> 2 VRr Prmry, <br> 1 Rr Shdw     |   15        | 
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |       | \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     |  |     |     
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:---------:|:----------------------:| :-----------------:| :----------------:| 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   4       | \{Prof Level 4\}| 3,000gp: <br> 2 VRr Prmry, <br> 1 VRr Shdw    |   20        | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   5       | \{Prof Level 5\}| 3,500gp: 2 VRr Prmry, <br> 1 VRr\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  Shdw    |   25        |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   6       | \{Prof Level 5\}| 4,000gp: <br> 2 VRr Prmry, <br> 1 VRr Shdw     |   30        | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   7       | \{Prof Level 5\}| 5,000gp: 3 VRr Prmry, <br> 1 VRr Shdw     |   35        | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   8       | \{Prof Level 5\}| 6,000gp: <br> 1 Epc Prmry, <br> 2 VRr Shdw     |   40        | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   9       | \{Prof Level 5\}| 8,000gp: <br> 1 Epc Prmry, <br> 2 VRr Shdw \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506    |   45        | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   10      | \{Prof Level 5\}| 10,000gp: <br> 1 Epc Prmry, <br> 2 VRr Shdw   |   50        |
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Slowing
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *\{Prof Level 1\}*
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** Any Weapon
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** Carver, Glassblower, Leatherworker, Smith
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Attunement:** No
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **R\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ecipe:**  700gp worth of Crafting Supplies, including: 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 5\} Ingredient of the Primary Material
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 2 \{Rarity 4\} Ingredients with \{Energy 10\}, \{Energy 3\}, or \{Energy 2\}  Energy
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 The weapon has the ability to slow creatures it s\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 trikes.  This may be result of a chilling effect, binding earth magic, or warping the very nature of time around the creature.  

\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 If you hit a target with an attack, it must make a DC 13 Constitution saving throw. On a failure, the creature's speed is halve\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
d, it has disadvantage on Dexterity saving throws, and it can't use reactions for 1 minute. Moreover, on each of its turns, it can take either an action or a bonus action, but not both. At the end of each of its turns, it can repeat the saving throw, endi
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 n\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 g the effect on itself on a success. The weapon can't be used this way again until the next dawn. 
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 **At Higher Ranks:**
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |    Rank    |  Proficiency  | Recipe |       DC    |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:---------:|:----------------------:| :-----------------:| :----------------:|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506    1       | \{Prof Level 1\}| 700gp: 1 Rr Prmry, <br> 2 Uncmn Chtc/Erth/Wtr  |      13     | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   2       | \{Prof Level 2\}| 1,000gp: 1 Rr Prmry, <br> 2 Uncmn Chtc/Erth/Wtr  |     15     | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   3       | \{Prof Level 3\}| 1,500gp: 1 VRr Prmry, <br> 1 Rr Chtc/E\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 rth/Wtr  |     17     | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   4       | \{Prof Level 4\}| 2,500gp: <br> 2 VRr Prmry, <br> 1 Rr Chtc/Erth/Wtr  |     18     | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   5       | \{Prof Level 5\}| 4,000gp: <br> 2 VRr Prmry, <br> 1 VRr Chtc/Erth/Wtr  |     19     | 
\par 
\par \\\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 pagebreakNum
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Soul Storing
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *\{Prof Level 3\}*
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** Jewelry
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** Jeweler
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Attunement:** Yes
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Recipe:**  4,000gp worth of Crafting Supplies, including:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 2 \{Rarity 6\} Ingredients of the Primary Material
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 6\} Ing\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 redient with \{Energy 6\} Energy
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
The gem socketed in this item absorbs the soul of its owner upon his or her death. If you die while wearing this item, your soul enters it, unless it already houses a soul. You can remain in the item or depart for the af
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 terlife. As long as your soul is in the item, you can telepathically communicate with any creature wearing it.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Speed
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *\{Prof Level 2\}*
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** Boots
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** Cobbler
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Attunement:** No
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Requirement:**
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1,000gp worth of \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Crafting Supplies, including: 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 5\} Ingredient of the Primary Material
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 2 \{Rarity 4\} Ingredients with \{Energy 4\} Energy
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 These shoes propel you forward with each step.  While wearing them, your walking speed increases by 5ft.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 **At Higher Ranks:**
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |    Rank    |  Proficiency   | Recipe | Speed <br> Increase |     
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:---------:|:----------------------:| :-----------------:| :----------------:| 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   1       | \{Prof Level 1\}| 1,000gp: 1 Rr Prmry, <br> 2 Uncmn Air     |   5ft.        | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   2       | \{Prof Level 2\}| 1,000gp: 1 Rr Prmry, <br> 2 Uncmn Air     |   10ft.        | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   3       | \{Prof Level 3\}| 1,500gp: 1 VRr Prmry, <br> 1 Rr Air      | \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506   15ft.        | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   4       | \{Prof Level 4\}| 2,500gp: 2 VRr Prmry, <br> 1 Rr Air     |   20ft.        |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   5       | \{Prof Level 5\}| 10,000gp: 1 Epc Prmry, <br> 2 VRr 1 Air     |   25ft.        | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   6       | \{Prof Level 5\}| 190,000gp: 2 Mythc Prmry,\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  <br> 1 Mythc 1 Air     |   30ft.        | 
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Spell Deflecting
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *\{Prof Level 5\}*
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** Armor, Cloaks, Jewelry, Shields
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** Carver, Jeweler, Leatherworker, Smith, Weaver
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Attunement:** Yes
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Recipe:**  20,000gp worth of Craft\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ing Supplies, including:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 8\} Ingredient of the Primary Material
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 7\} Ingredient with \{Energy 9\} or \{Energy 12\} Energy
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 This item deflects incoming magical attacks.  While it is equipped, attacks from spells and spe\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ll like abilities against you have disadvantage.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Spell Infused
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *\{Prof Level 1\}*
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** Based on Spell
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** Based on Item Type
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Attunement:** No
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Recipe:** Based on Spell
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 The item is infused with a specific spell deter\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
mined at the time of its crafting.  While in possession of the item, you may use it to cast the spell.  If the spell requires a saving throw or attack roll, it is determined by its level, shown in the **Recipes per Spell Level** table. If the spell requir
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 e\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
s concentration, the one who uses the item to cast the spell must maintain concentration on it.  Once the spell has been cast, it can't be cast again in this way until the next dawn.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
If the spell can target you and does not require an attack roll or saving throw, and the spell is infused into a wearable item, you may only target yourself with the spell.  For example, if you infuse *Fly* into boots, you can only target yourself with th
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 e\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  spell while wearing the boots.  However, spells cast this way do not require concentration.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 The chosen spell determines what type of item it can be crafted into and what the Required Energy is.  Any tool capable of crafting the item type can be used to c\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
raft this item.  The <b> Spells for Custom Items </b> section details all the spells that can be crafted into different types of items, along with the Required Energy types for each spell.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 **Recipes per Spell Level:**
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |    Spell <br> Level    |  Proficien\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 cy   | Recipe |   Attack <br> Bonus  | DC |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:---------:|:----------------------:| :-----------------:| :----------------:| :----------------:|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Cantrip | \{Prof Level 1\}| 200gp: <br> 1 Uncmn Prmry, <br> 1 Cmn ReqEnrgy|   +5        | 13
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   1       | \{Pr\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 of Level 2\}| 800gp: <br> 1 Rr Prmry, <br> 2 Uncmn ReqEnrgy|   +5        | 13
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   2       | \{Prof Level 2\}| 1,500gp: <br> 1 VRr Prmry, <br> 1 Rr ReqEnrgy|   +5        | 13
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   3       | \{Prof Level 3\}| 2,500gp: <br> 2 VRr Prmry, <br> 1 Rr ReqEnrgy|   +7    \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506     | 15
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   4       | \{Prof Level 3\}| 4,000gp: <br> 2 VRr Prmry, <br> 1 VRr ReqEnrgy|   +7        | 15
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   5       | \{Prof Level 4\}| 8,000gp: <br> 1 Epc Prmry, <br> 2 VRr ReqEnrgy|   +9        | 17
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   6       | \{Prof Level 5\}| 15,000gp: <br> 1 Lgdry Prmr\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 y, <br> 1 Epc ReqEnrgy|   +9        | 17
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   7       | \{Prof Level 5\}| 30,000gp: <br> 2 Lgdry Prmry, <br> 1 Lgdry ReqEnrgy|   +10        | 18
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   8       | \{Prof Level 5\}| 60,000gp: <br> 1 Mthc Prmry, <br> 2 Lgdry ReqEnrgy|   +10        | 18
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   9       | \{\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Prof Level 5\}| 120,000gp: <br> 2 Mthc Prmry, <br> 3 Lgdry ReqEnrgy|   +11        | 19
\par 
\par \\\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 pagebreakNum
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Spell Reflecting
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *\{Prof Level 1\}*
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** Rods, Sheilds, or Staffs
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** Carver, Glassblower, Leatherworker, Smith
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Attunemen\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 t:** Yes
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Recipe:**  700gp worth of Crafting Supplies, including: 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 5\} Ingredient of the Primary Material
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 2 \{Rarity 4\} Ingredients with \{Energy 10\} or \{Energy 5\} Energy
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 This item is capable of reflecting spells back at their caster.  If you are holding the item and fail a saving throw against a spell of 1st level or lower that targets only you, 
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 you can turn your failed save into a successful one. 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 You can't use this property of the item again until the next dawn. If you succeed on a save against a spell that targets only you, with or without the item's intervention, you can use your reaction from
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  the item and turn the spell back on its caster as if you had cast the spell.  At higher ranks, the item is capable of reflecting higher level spells
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 **At Higher Levels:**
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |    Rank   |  Proficiency   | Recipe |   Max Spell <br> Level | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:---------:|:---\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 -------------------:| :-----------------:| :----------------:| 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   1       | \{Prof Level 1\}| 700gp: <br> 1 Rr Prmry, <br> 2 Uncmn Chtc/Fey|   1        
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   2       | \{Prof Level 2\}| 800gp: <br> 1 Rr Prmry, <br> 2 Uncmn Chtc/Fey|   2    
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   3       | \{Pro\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 f Level 2\}| 800gp: <br> 1 Rr Prmry, <br> 2 Uncmn Chtc/Fey|   3       
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   4       | \{Prof Level 3\}| 1,500gp: <br> 1 VRr Prmry, <br> 1 Rr Chtc/Fey|   4       
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   5       | \{Prof Level 4\}| 3,500gp: <br> 2 VRr Prmry, <br> 1 VRr Chtc/Fey|   5       
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   6    \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506    | \{Prof Level 5\}| 8,000gp: <br> 1 Epc Prmry, <br> 2 VRr Chtc/Fey|   6       
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   7       | \{Prof Level 5\}| 15,000gp: <br> 1 Lgdry Prmry, <br> 1 Epc Chtc/Fey|   7  
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   8       | \{Prof Level 5\}| 30,000gp: <br> 2 Lgdry Prmry, <br> 1 Lgdry Chtc/Fey|   8   \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506   
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   9       | \{Prof Level 5\}| 60,000gp: <br> 1 Mthc Prmry, <br> 2 Lgdry Chtc/Fey|   9       
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Spell Resistance
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *\{Prof Level 5\}*
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** Armor, Cloaks, Jewelry, Shields
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** Carver, Jeweler, Leatherworker, Smith, Weaver
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Attu\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 nement:** Yes
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Recipe:**  30,000gp worth of Crafting Supplies, including:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 2 \{Rarity 8\} Ingredients of the Primary Material
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 8\} Ingredient with \{Energy 9\} or \{Energy 12\} Energy
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 This item wards off hostile magics.  While\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  wearing it you have advantage on saves against spells and spell like effects.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Spell Staff
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *\{Prof Level 4\}*
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** Staff
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** Carver, Smith
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Attunement:** Yes (By a Spellcaster)
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Recipe:** Varies
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
The staff has 10 charges.  While holding it, you can use an action to expend 1 or more of its charges to cast one of its spells.  Each spell cast expends a number of charges equal to its spell level.  You may cast spells at a higher level by expending mor
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 e\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  charges this way.  The spells use your spell save DC and spell attack bonus.  
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 The staff regains 1d6 + 4 expended charges daily at dawn.  If you expend the last charge, roll a d20.  On a 1, the staff is destroyed.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 When creating the staff, choose a Requi\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
red Energy type.  This will determine what types of spells can be built into the staff.  The <b> Base Spell Staff Recipe </b> depends on the highest level spell built into the staff. This highest level spell is automatically added to the staff as part of 
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 i\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ts creation.  
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
Up to two additional spells may be added to the staff as long as they have the same Required Energy type and they have a lower spell level than the first spell added.  Every spell added to the staff carries an extra cost shown in the <b> Re
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 cipe Cost Per Spell </b> table. 
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 See the <b> Spells for Custom Items </b> section for information on what energy types correspond to what spells and what spells can be added to a staff.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 This item effect can be added multiple times so long as no spells of\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
 a higher level are added and the Required Energy type remains the same.  When it is added additional times, it does not add any extra charges and the base recipe cost does not need to be met.  However, the recipe costs for any new spells added must still
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 be met.  
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ##### Base Spell Staff Recipe
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |    Highest Level <br> Spell    |  Proficiency  | Base Recipe |    
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:---------:|:----------------------:| :-----------------:|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   1       | \{Prof Level 4\}| 7,000gp: 1 Epc Prmry Mtrl <br> 2 VRr Prmry Enrgy | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 2       | \{Prof Level 4\}| 7,000gp: 1 Epc Prmry Mtrl <br> 2 VRr Prmry Enrgy | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   3       | \{Prof Level 4\}| 7,000gp: 1 Epc Prmry Mtrl <br> 2 VRr Prmry Enrgy   | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   4       | \{Prof Level 4\}| 9,000gp: 1 Epc Prmry Mtrl  <br> 2 VRr Prmry Enrgy  | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   5     \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506   | \{Prof Level 5\}| 15,000gp: 1 Lgndry Prmry Mtrl <br> 1 Epc Prmry Enrgy   |  
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   6       | \{Prof Level 5\}| 25,000gp: 2 Lgndry Prmry Mtrl <br> 1 Epc Prmry Enrgy   |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   7       | \{Prof Level 5\}| 43,000gp: 3 Lgndry Prmry Mtrl <br> 1 Lgndry Prmry Enrgy  | 
\par 
\par \\\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 pagebreakNum
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |       |    |   |    
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:---------:|:----------------------:| :-----------------:|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   8       | \{Prof Level 5\}| 75,000gp: 1 Mthc Prmry Mtrl <br> 2 Lg\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ndry Prmry Enrgy   |   
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   9       | \{Prof Level 5\}| 130,000gp: 2 Mthc Prmry Mtrl <br> 3 Lgndry Prmry Enrgy    |  
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ##### Recipe Cost Per Spell
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |    Level Spell    |  Recipe Modification | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:---------:|:----------------------:| 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   1       | +200gp: 1 U\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ncmn Prmry Enrgy |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   2       | +400gp: 2 Uncmn Prmry Enrgy   |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   3       | +600gp: 1 Rr Prmry Enrgy  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   4       | +900gp: 1 Rr Prmry Enrgy   |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   5       | +2,000gp:  1 VRr Prmry Enrgy  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   6       | +4,000gp:  2 VRr Prmry Enrgy  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   7       | \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 +8,000gp:  1 Epc Prmry Enrgy  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   8       | +15,000gp: 1 Lgndry Prmry Enrgy  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   9       | +30,000gp: 2 Lgndry Prmry Enrgy   | 
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Spell Storing
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *\{Prof Level 3\}*
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** Jewelry and Rods
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** Carver, Glassblower, Jeweler, Smith
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Attunement:** Yes
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Recipe:**  2,500gp worth of Crafting Supplies, including:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 2 \{Rarity 6\} Ingredients of the Primary Material
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 5\} Ingredient with \{Energy 9\} Energy
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 This item can store spells cast into it, holding them until the attuned wearer uses the,  The item can store up to 1 level worth of spells at a time.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Any creature can cast a spell of 1st Level\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
 into the item by touching it as the spell is cast. The spell has no effect, other than to be stored in the item. If the item can't hold the spell, the spell is expended without effect. The level of the slot used to cast the spell determines how much spac
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 e\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  it uses.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
While in possession of the item, you can cast any spell stored in it. The spell uses the slot level, spell save DC, spell Attack bonus, and spellcasting ability of the original caster, but is otherwise treated as if you cast the spell. The spell
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  cast from the item is no longer stored in it, freeing up space. 
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 At higher ranks, the amount of spell levels worth of spells that can be stored in the item increases.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 **At Higher Ranks:**
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |    Rank   |  Proficiency  | Base Recipe |       Max Number <br>\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  of Combined <br> Spell Levels    |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:---------:|:----------------------:| :-----------------:| :----------------:|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   1       | \{Prof Level 3\}| 2,500gp: <br> 2 VRr Prmry, <br> 1 Rr Ord |     1     | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   2       | \{Prof Level 3\}| 2,500gp: <br> 2 VRr Prmr\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 y, <br> 1 Rr Ord   |     2     | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   3       | \{Prof Level 4\}| 2,500gp: <br> 2 VRr Prmry, <br> 1 Rr Ord    |     3     | 
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |           |                        |                    |          |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:---------:|:----------------------:| :-----------------:| :\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ----------------:|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   4       | \{Prof Level 5\}| 4,500gp: <br> 3 VRr Prmry, <br> 1 VRr Ord    |     4     | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   5       | \{Prof Level 5\}| 12,000gp: <br> 1 Lgdry Prmry, <br> 3 VRr Ord    |     5     | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   6       | \{Prof Level 5\}| 25,000gp: <br> 2 Lgndry \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Prmry Mtrl <br> 1 Epc Ord   |     6     | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   7       | \{Prof Level 5\}| 48,000gp: <br> 3 Lgndry Prmry Mtrl <br> 1 Lgndry Ord   |     7     | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   8       | \{Prof Level 5\}| 48,000gp: <br> 3 Lgndry Prmry Mtrl <br> 1 Lgndry Ord  |     8     | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   9       | \{\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Prof Level 5\}| 96,000gp: <br> 1 Mthc Prmry Mtrl  <br> 2 Lgndry  Ord |     9     | 
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Spell Wand - Greater
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *\{Prof Level 4\}*
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** Wand
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** Carver, Glassblower, Jeweler, Smith
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Attunement:** Yes (By a Spellcaster)
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Recipe:** 7,000gp worth of Crafting Supplies, including:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 7\} Ingredient of the Primary Material
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 This wand has 7 charges and a single spell built into it.  While holding it, you can use an ac\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
tion to expend 1 or more of its charges to cast its spell.  Each casting of the spell expends a number of charges equal to its spell level.  You may cast the spell at a higher level by expending more charges this way.  The spell uses your spell save DC an
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 d\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  spell attack bonus.  
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 The wand regains 1d6 + 1 expended charges daily at dawn.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 When creating the wand, choose a Required Energy type.  This determines what type of spell can be built into the wand.  The wand can contain a spell of up to 5th level.  
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Se\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 e the <b> Spells for Custom Items </b> section for information on what energy types correspond to what spells and what spells can be added to a wand.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 This item effect can be added multiple times so long as the Required Energy type remains the same.  When \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
it is added additional times, it does not add any extra charges and the base recipe cost does not need to be met.  However, the recipe cost for the new spell added must still be met.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 This effect cannot be combined with Spell Wand - Lesser.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ##### Recipe C\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ost For Spell
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |    Level Spell    |  Recipe Modification | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:---------:|:----------------------:| 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   1       | +200gp: <br> 1 Uncmn Prmry Enrgy |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   2       | +400gp: <br> 2 Uncmn Prmry Enrgy   |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   3       | +600gp: <br> 1 Rr Prmry Enrgy  |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   4    \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506    | +900gp: <br> 1 Rr Prmry Enrgy   |
\par 
\par \\\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 pagebreakNum
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |           |                        | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:---------:|:----------------------:| 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   5       | +2,000gp: <br> 1 VRr Prmry Enrgy  |
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Spell Wand - Lesser
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *\{Prof Level 4\}*
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** Wand
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** Carver, Glassblower, Jeweler, Smith
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Attunement:** Yes (By a Spellcaster)
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Recipe:** 2,000gp worth of Crafting Supplies, including:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 Very Rare Ingredient of the Primary Material
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 The wand has 3 charges a\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
nd a single spell built into it.  While holding it, you can use an action to expend 1 or more of its charges to cast its spell.  Each casting of the spell expends a number of charges equal to its spell level.  You may cast the spell at a higher level by e
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 x\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 pending more charges this way.  The spell uses your spell save DC and spell attack bonus.  
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 The wand regains 1d3 expended charges daily at dawn.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 hen creating the wand, choose a Required Energy type.  This determines what type of spell can be built into t\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 he wand.  The wand can contain a spell of up to 3rd level.  
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 See the <b> Spells for Custom Items </b> section for information on what energy types correspond to what spells and what spells can be added to a wand.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 This item effect can be added multiple ti\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
mes so long as the Required Energy type remains the same.  When it is added additional times, it does not add any extra charges and the base recipe cost does not need to be met.  However, the recipe cost for the new spell added must still be met.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 This eff\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ect cannot be combined with Spell Wand - Greater.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ##### Recipe Cost For Spell
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |    Level Spell    |  Recipe Modification | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:---------:|:----------------------:| 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   1       | +200gp: <br> 1 Uncmn Prmry Enrgy |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   2       | +400gp: <br> 2 Uncmn Prmry Enrgy   |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   3       | +600gp: <br> 1 Rr Prmry Enrgy  |
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Spider Climbing
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *\{Prof Level 3\}*
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** Footwear
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** Cobbler
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Attunement:** Y\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 es
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Recipe:**  5,000gp worth of Crafting Supplies, including: 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 3 \{Rarity 6\} Ingredients of the Primary Material
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 6\} Ingredient with \{Energy 8\} or \{Energy 12\} Energy
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 While you wear this footwear you can move up, down, a\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
nd across vertical surfaces and upside down along ceilings while leaving your hands free. You have a climbing speed equal to your walking speed. However, the item doesn't allow you to move this way on a slippery surface, such as one covered by ice or oil.

\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Springing
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *\{Prof Level 2\}*
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** Footwear
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** Cobbler
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Attunement:** Yes
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Recipe:**  1,500gp worth of Crafting Supplies, including:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 6\} Ingredient of the Primary Material
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 5\} Ingre\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 dients with \{Energy 4\} or \{Energy 12\} Energy 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 This footwear adds an extra spring to your leaps.  While wearing this item, you can jump two times your normal distance, though you can't jump farther than your remaining movement would allow.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 **At Higher Ranks:**
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |    Rank    |  Proficiency  | Recipe |       Jump <br> Distance    |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:---------:|:----------------------:| :-----------------:| :----------------:|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   1       | \{Prof Level 2\}| 1,500gp: 1 VRr Prmry, <br> 1 Rr Air/Prmvl  |     Double\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506      | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   2       | \{Prof Level 2\}| 500gp: 3 Uncmn Prmry, <br> 1 Ucmn Air/Prmvl  |     Triple     | 
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Striding
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *\{Prof Level 2\}*
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** Footwear
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** Cobbler
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Attunement:** No
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Recipe:**  1,500gp worth of Crafting Supplies\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 , including:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 6\} Ingredient of the Primary Material
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 5\} Ingredients with \{Energy 4\} Energy 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 This footwear adds an extra spring to your step.  While you wear this item, your walking speed becomes 30 feet, unless y\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 our walking speed is higher.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Stunning
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *\{Prof Level 2\}*
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** Any Weapon
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** Carver, Glassblower, Leatherworker, Smith
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Attunement:** No
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Recipe:**  1,500gp worth of Crafting Supplies, including:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 6\} I\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ngredient of the Primary Material
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 5\} Ingredients with \{Energy 3\} or \{Energy 11\} Energy
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 The weapon is capable stunning its targets, either through a concussive blow or a psychic assault.  When you hit a creature with this weapon, yo\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
u may force the creature to make a DC 15 Constitution saving throw or become stunned.  The target can repeat the saving throw at the end of each of its turns, ending the effect on a success.  The item can't be used again this way until the next dawn.

\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 **At Higher Ranks:**
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |    Rank    |  Proficiency  | Recipe |       DC    |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:---------:|:----------------------:| :-----------------:| :----------------:|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   1       | \{Prof Level 2\}| 1,500gp: 1 VRr Prmry, <br> 1 Rr Erth/Prmvl  |     15     | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   2      \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  | \{Prof Level 3\}| 500gp: 3 Uncmn Prmry, <br> 1 Uncmn Erth/Prmvl  |     17     | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   3       | \{Prof Level 4\}| 500gp: 3 Uncmn Prmry, <br> 1 Uncmn Erth/Prmvl  |     18     | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   4       | \{Prof Level 5\}| 1,000gp: 1 Rr Prmry, <br> 2 Uncmn Erth/Prmvl  |    \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  19     | 
\par 
\par \\\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 pagebreakNum
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Swift Weapon
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *\{Prof Level 3\}*
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** Any Weapon
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** Carver, Glassblower, Leatherworker, Smith
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Attunement:** Yes
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Recipe:**  3,000gp worth of Crafting Supplies, including:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 2 \{Rarity 6\}\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  Ingredients of the Primary Material
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 6\} Ingredient with \{Energy 4\} or \{Energy 10\} Energy
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; If the weapon has the Light property, the supply cost and each of the ingredient requirements is halved
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 The weapon can strike with \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 supernatural speed.  You can make one attack with the weapon as a bonus action on each of your turns.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Talented
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *\{Prof Level 3\}*
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** Any Item Except Weapons
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** Any
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Attunement:** Yes
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Recipe:**  2,500gp worth of Crafting Supplies, including:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 2 \{Rarity 6\} Ingredients of the Primary Material
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 5\} Ingredient with \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 8\}, or \{Energy 5\} Energy
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 The item has an otherworldly power that enhan\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ces your abilities.  While this item is equipped, you gain a +1 bonus to ability checks.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Toppling
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *\{Prof Level 1\}*
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** Any Bludgeoning Weapon
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** Carver, Smith
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Attunement:** No
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Recipe:**  600gp worth of Crafting Supp\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 lies, including:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 5\} Ingredient of the Primary Material
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 2 \{Rarity 4\} Ingredients with \{Energy 4\}, \{Energy 3\}, or \{Energy 12\} Energy
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 The weapon is capable striking with concussive force that can knock enemies prone.  When\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
 you hit a creature with this weapon, you may force the creature to make a DC 13 Strength saving throw or be knocked prone.  The item can't be used again this way until the next dawn.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 **At Higher Ranks:**
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |    Rank    |  Proficiency  | Recipe |       DC  \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506   |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:---------:|:----------------------:| :-----------------:| :----------------:|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   1       | \{Prof Level 1\}| 600gp: 1 Rr Prmry, <br> 2 Uncmn Air/Erth/Prmvl  |      13     | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   2       | \{Prof Level 2\}| 300gp: 2 Uncmn Prmry, <br> 1 Uncmn Air/Erth/Prm\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 vl  |     15     | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   3       | \{Prof Level 3\}| 600gp: 1 Rr Prmry, <br> 2 Uncmn Air/Erth/Prmvl  |     17     | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   4       | \{Prof Level 4\}| 800gp: 1 Rr Prmry, <br> 2 Uncmn Air/Erth/Prmvl  |     18     | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   5       | \{Prof Level 5\}| 1,000gp: 1 Rr Prmr\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 y, <br> 2 Uncmn Air/Erth/Prmvl  |     19     | 
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Tricky
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *\{Prof Level 1\}*
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** Any Melee Weapon
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** Carver, Glassblower, Leatherworker, Smith
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Attunement:** Yes
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Recipe:**  600gp worth of Crafting Supplies, including:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 5\} Ingredient of the Primary Material
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 2 \{Rarity 4\} Ingredients with \{Energy 4\} or \{Energy 5\} Energy
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 The weapon magically aids in hit and run attacks.  Upon hit,\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  the target makes opportunity attacks against you with disadvantage until the end of your turn.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### True Seeing
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *\{Prof Level 4\}*
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** Glasses
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** Glassblower
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Attunement:** Yes
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Recipe:**  10,000gp worth of Crafting Supplie\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 s, including:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 7\} Ingredient of the Primary Material
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 2 \{Rarity 6\} Ingredients with \{Energy 9\} or \{Energy 11\} Energy
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 These glasses grant you Truesight.  You can speak the item's Command Word, granting you Truesight out to \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
120ft. for the next 10 minutes. This property can't be used again until the next dawn.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 **At Higher Ranks:**
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |    Rank    |  Proficiency   | Recipe |   Duration  | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:---------:|:----------------------:| :-----------------:| :----------------:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   1       \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 | \{Prof Level 4\}| 10,000gp: <br> 1 Epc Prmry, <br> 2 VRr Ord/Psy |   10 Min.        
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   2       | \{Prof Level 5\}| 90,000gp: <br> 1 Mythc Prmry, <br> 2 Lgdry Ord/Psy |   Unlimited
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Vengeful
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *\{Prof Level 3\}*
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** Any Melee Weapon
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** Carver, Glassblower, Leatherworker, Smith
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Attunement:** Yes
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Recipe:**  4,000gp worth of Crafting Supplies, including:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 2 \{Rarity 6\} Ingredients of the Primary Material
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 6\}\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  Ingredient with \{Energy 7\}, \{Energy 8\}, or \{Energy 1\} Energy
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; If the weapon has the Light property, the supply cost and each of the ingredient requirements is halved
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 The weapon thirsts for retribution against other attackers.  In response t\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
o being damaged by a creature you that you can see, you may use the weapon to make an attack against the creature as a reaction.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Venomous
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *Apprentice*
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** Any Slashing or Piercing Weapon
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** Carver, Glassblower, Leatherworke\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 r, Smith
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Attunement:** No
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Recipe:**  350gp worth of Crafting Supplies, including:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 2 \{Rarity 4\} Ingredients of the Primary Material
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 4\} Ingredient with \{Energy 5\}, \{Energy 8\}, or \{Energy 12\} Energy
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par 
\par \\\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 pagebreakNum
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
You can use an action to cause poison to coat the blade. The poison remains for 1 minute or until an attack using this weapon hits a creature. That creature must succeed on a DC 13 Constitution saving throw or take 1d10 poison damage and become poisoned f
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 o\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 r 1 minute. The weapon can't be used this way again until the next dawn. 
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 **At Higher Ranks:**
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |    Rank    |  Proficiency  | Recipe |      Damage |         DC    |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:---------:|:----------------------:| :-----------------:| :----------------:| :----------------:|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   1       | \{Prof Level 1\}| 350gp: 2 Uncmn Prmry, <br> 1 Uncmn Fey/Fnd/Prmvl  |    1d10        |    13     | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   2       | \{Prof Level 2\}| 500gp: 3 Uncmn\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  Prmry, <br> 1 Uncmn Fey/Fnd/Prmvl  |   2d10        |     15     | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   3       | \{Prof Level 3\}| 700gp: 1 Rr Prmry, <br> 2 Uncmn Fey/Fnd/Prmvl  |   3d10        |  17     | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   4       | \{Prof Level 4\}| 1,500gp: 1 VRr Prmry, <br> 1 Rr Fey/Fnd/Prmvl  |    \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  4d10        |18     | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   5       | \{Prof Level 5\}| 2,500gp: 2 VRr Prmry, <br> 1 Rr Fey/Fnd/Prmvl  |     5d10        | 19     | 
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Vicious
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *\{Prof Level 1\}*
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** Any Weapon
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** Carver, Glassblower, Leatherworker, Smith
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Att\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 unement:** No
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Recipe:**  250gp worth of Crafting Supplies, including:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 2 \{Rarity 4\} Ingredients of the Primary Material
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 3\} Ingredient with \{Energy 8\} Energy
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 The weapon inflicts extra pain on creatures it critically st\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
rikes.  When you roll a 20 on your attack roll with this weapon, the target takes an extra 5 damage of the weapon's damage type.  
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 **At Higher Ranks:**
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |    Rank    |  Proficiency   | Recipe |   Extra <br> Damage  |     
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:---------:|:--------------------\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 --:| :-----------------:| :----------------:| 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   1       | \{Prof Level 1\}| 250gp: 2 Uncmn Prmry, <br> 1 Cmn Fnd    |   5        | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   2       | \{Prof Level 1\}| 400gp: 2 Uncmn Prmry, <br> 1 Uncmn Fnd    |   10        | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   3       | \{Prof Level 2\}| 600g\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 p: 1 Rr Prmry, <br> 2 Uncmn Fnd   |   15        | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   4       | \{Prof Level 2\}| 900gp: 1 Rr Prmry, <br> 2 Uncmn Fnd    |   20        | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   5       | \{Prof Level 3\}| 1,500gp: 1 VRr Prmry, <br> 1 Rr Fnd    |   25        |
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Vindicating
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *\{Prof Level 1\}*
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** Any Weapon
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** Carver, Glassblower, Leatherworker, Smith
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Attunement:** Yes
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Recipe:**  500gp worth \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 of Crafting Supplies, including:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 3 \{Rarity 4\} Ingredients of the Primary Material
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 4\} Ingredient with \{Energy 7\} or \{Energy 9\} Energy
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 The weapon can help you overcome situations that would normally put you at a disadvanta\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
ge. If you would have disadvantage on an attack, you may use a bonus action to negate the disadvantage on your next attack with this weapon.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Vorpal
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *\{Prof Level 4\}*
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** Any Slashing Weapon
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** Smith
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Attunement:** No
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Recipe:**  8,000gp worth of Crafting Supplies, including:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 7\} Ingredient of the Primary Material
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 2 \{Rarity 6\} Ingredients with \{Energy 8\} Energy
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 This blade has a wicked edge, capable of quickly decapitating its victims.  \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
When you attack a creature that has at least one head with this weapon and roll a 20 on the attack roll, you cut off one of the creature's heads. The creature dies if it can't survive without the lost head. A creature is immune to this effect if it is imm
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 u\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
ne to slashing damage, doesn't have or need a head, has legendary actions, or the GM decides that the creature is too big for its head to be cut off with this weapon. Such a creature instead takes an extra 6d8 slashing damage from the hit.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### War Mage +\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 1, +2, +3
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *\{Prof Level 2\}*
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** Rods, Staffs, Wands
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** Carver, Glassblower, Jeweler, Smith
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Attunement:** Yes (By a Spellcaster)
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Recipe:**  1,000gp worth of Crafting Supplies, including:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 5\} Ingredient of the Primary Material
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 2 \{Rarity 4\} Ingredients with \{Energy 10\} Energy
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 This item can serve as a spell casting focus and grants a +1 to your sp\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ell attack rolls and spell save DCs. 
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 **At Higher Ranks:**
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |    Rank    |  Proficiency   | Recipe |   Spell Bonus  | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:---------:|:----------------------:| :-----------------:| :----------------:|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   1       | \{Prof Level 2\}| 1,000gp: <br> 1 Rr Prmry, <\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 br> 2 Uncmn Chtc |   +1        |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   2       | \{Prof Level 3\}| 3,500gp: <br> 2 VRr Prmry, <br> 1 VRr Chtc    |   +2         |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   3       | \{Prof Level 5\}| 13,000gp: <br> 1 Lgndry Prmry, <br> 3 VRr Chtc  |   +3        |
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Warding
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *\{Prof Level 2\}*
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par -\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  **Item Type:** Cloaks, Jewelry
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** Carver, Jeweler, Leatherworker, Weaver
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Attunement:** Yes
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Recipe:**  2,000gp worth of Crafting Supplies, including:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 6\} Ingredient of the Primary Material
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 5\} Ingre\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 dient with \{Energy 9\} Energy
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 The item provides magical protection against harm.  While wearing it you have a +1 to all saving throws.
\par 
\par \\\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 pagebreakNum
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Water Breathing
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *\{Prof Level 2\}*
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** Headgear
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** Carver, Jeweler, Leatherworker, Smith, Weaver
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Attunement:** No
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Recipe:**  1,000gp worth of Crafting Supplies, including:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 5\} Ingredient of the Primary Material
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 2 \{Rarity 4\} Ingredients with \{Energy 4\} or \{\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Energy 2\} Energy
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 This item can draw breathable air from the water.  While wearing it, you can breath normally underwater.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Water Walking
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *\{Prof Level 2\}*
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** Footwear
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** Cobbler
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Attunement:** No
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Recipe:**  1,500gp \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 worth of Crafting Supplies, including:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 6\} Ingredient of the Primary Material
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 5\} Ingredients with \{Energy 2\} Energy
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 This footwear can treat liquid surfaces as though they are solid.  While wearing this item, you\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  can stand and move across any liquid surface as if it were solid ground.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Weightless
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *\{Prof Level 1\}*
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** Any
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** Any
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Attunement:** No
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Recipe:**  400gp worth of Crafting Supplies, including:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 2 \{Rarity 4\} Ingredients of the Primary Material
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 4\} Ingredient with \{Energy 4\} Energy
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 This item is lighter than air. It doesn't contribute to your weight capaci\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
ty, it reduces your fall damage by 10ft., and you may use an action to cause the item to float weightlessly in the air like a balloon.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Winged
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *\{Prof Level 5\}*
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** Boots and Cloaks
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** Cobbler, Leatherworker, Weaver
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Attun\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ement:** Yes
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Recipe:**  30,000gp worth of Crafting Supplies, including:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 2 \{Rarity 8\} Ingredients of the Primary Material
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 8\} Ingredient with \{Energy 4\} Energy
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 This item grants you the power of flight.  While wearing i\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 t you have a fly speed equal to your walk speed.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Withering
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *Apprentice*
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** Any Weapon
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** Carver, Glassblower, Leatherworker, Smith
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Attunement:** No
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Recipe:**  700gp worth of Crafting Supplies, including:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp;\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  1 \{Rarity 5\} Ingredient of the Primary Material
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 2 \{Rarity 4\} Ingredients with \{Energy 6\} Energy
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
The weapon can force its targets to experience the ravages of age.  When you hit a creature, the target must succeed on a DC 13 Constitution saving throw or have disadvantage on any ability check or saving throw that uses Strength or Constitution until th
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 e\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  start of your next turn.  
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 At the end of each of the target's turns, it can repeat the saving throw, ending the effect on itself on a success.  The weapon can't be used this way again until the next dawn. 
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 **At Higher Ranks:**
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |    Rank    |  Proficien\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 cy  | Recipe |       DC    |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:---------:|:----------------------:| :-----------------:| :----------------:|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   1       | \{Prof Level 1\}| 700gp: 1 Rr Prmry, <br> 2 Uncmn Shdw  |      13     | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   2       | \{Prof Level 2\}| 900gp: 1 Rr Prmry, <br> 2 Uncmn \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Shdw  |     15     | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   3       | \{Prof Level 3\}| 1,500gp: 1 VRr Prmry, <br> 1 Rr Shdw  |     17     | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   4       | \{Prof Level 4\}| 2,000gp: 1 VRr Prmry, <br> 1 Rr Shdw  |     18     | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   5       | \{Prof Level 5\}| 3,000gp: 2 VRr Prmry, <br> 1 VRr Shd\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 w  |     19     | 
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### Wounding
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *\{Prof Level 2\}*
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** Any Weapon
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** Carver, Glassblower, Leatherworker, Smith
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Attunement:** No
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Recipe:**  2,000gp worth of Crafting Supplies, including:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 6\} Ingredient \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 of the Primary Material
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 5\} Ingredient with \{Energy 8\}, \{Energy 1\}, or \{Energy 6\} Energy
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 The weapon leaves grievous wounds that resist supernatural healing.  Hit Points lost to this weapon\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 s damage can be regained only through a sho\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
rt or long rest, rather than by regeneration, magic, or any other means.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 #### X-Ray Vision
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 *\{Prof Level 4\}*
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Item Type:** Glasses
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Tools:** Glassblower
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Attunement:** Yes
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - **Recipe:**  6,000gp worth of Crafting Supplies, including:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 1 \{Rarity 7\} Ingredient of the Primary Material
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 - * &nbsp; 2 \{Rarity 6\} Ingredients with \{Energy 10\} Energy
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ___
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 These glasses allow you to see through solid surfaces.  While wearing \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
these glasses, you can use an action to speak its command word.  When you do so, you can see into and through solid matter for 1 minute. 
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 This vision has a radius of 30 feet. To you, solid Objects within that radius appear transparent and don't prevent li\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
ght from passing through them. The vision can penetrate 1 foot of stone, 1 inch of Common metal, or up to 3 feet of wood or dirt. Thicker substances block the vision, as does a thin sheet of lead.
\par 
\par \\\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 pagebreakNum
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 **At Higher Ranks:**
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |    Rank    |  Profic\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 iency   | Recipe |   Duration  | 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:---------:|:----------------------:| :-----------------:| :----------------:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   1       | \{Prof Level 4\}| 6,000gp: <br> 1 Epc Prmry, <br> 2 VRr Chtc |   1 Min.        
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   2       | \{Prof Level 5\}| 54,000gp: <br> 3 Lgdr\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 y Prmry, <br> 3 Epc Chtc |   Unlimited
\par 
\par \\\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 pagebreakNum
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ## Spells for Custom Items
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Several item effects available while custom crafting an item involve imbuing the item with the ability to cast a spell.  The Required Energy type for these effects depends on\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
 the spells being imbued into the item, and essentially all spells have limitations as to what types of items they can be imbued into.  
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 This section lists all the most commonly known spells available to players, what their Required Energy type is, and wh\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 at types of items they can be imbued into.  
\par 
\par \\\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 columnbreak
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ##### Cantrip
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |    Name           | Required <br> Energy | Item Type |
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |:-----------------:|:-------------:|:-------------:|
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 |   Acid Splash     | \{Energy 8\}, \{Energy 12\}, \{Energy 2\}  |    Staff, Wand, Ring, Gloves    |}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid15091865 
\par }{\*\themedata 504b030414000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cb4ec3301045f748fc83e52d4a
9cb2400825e982c78ec7a27cc0c8992416c9d8b2a755fbf74cd25442a820166c2cd933f79e3be372bd1f07b5c3989ca74aaff2422b24eb1b475da5df374fd9ad
5689811a183c61a50f98f4babebc2837878049899a52a57be670674cb23d8e90721f90a4d2fa3802cb35762680fd800ecd7551dc18eb899138e3c943d7e503b6
b01d583deee5f99824e290b4ba3f364eac4a430883b3c092d4eca8f946c916422ecab927f52ea42b89a1cd59c254f919b0e85e6535d135a8de20f20b8c12c3b0
0c895fcf6720192de6bf3b9e89ecdbd6596cbcdd8eb28e7c365ecc4ec1ff1460f53fe813d3cc7f5b7f020000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6
a7e7c0000000360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4f
c7060abb0884a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b6309512
0f88d94fbc52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462
a1a82fe353bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b
4b0d592c9c070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b
4757e8d3f729e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100b6f4679893070000c9200000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f
7468656d65312e786d6cec59cd8b1bc915bf07f23f347d97f5d5ad8fc1f2a24fcfda33b6b164873dd648a5eef2547789aad28cc56208de532e81c026e49085bd
ed21842cecc22eb9e48f31d8249b3f22afaa5bdd5552c99e191c3061463074977eefd5afde7bf5de53d5ddcf5e26d4bbc05c1096f6fcfa9d9aefe174ce16248d
7afeb3d9a4d2f13d2151ba4094a5b8e76fb0f03fbbf7eb5fdd454732c609f6403e1547a8e7c752ae8eaa5531876124eeb0154ee1bb25e30992f0caa3ea82a34b
d09bd06aa3566b55134452df4b51026a1f2f97648ebd9952e9dfdb2a1f53784da5500373caa74a35b6243476715e5708b11143cabd0b447b3eccb3609733fc52
fa1e4542c2173dbfa6fffceabdbb5574940b517940d6909be8bf5c2e17589c37f49c3c3a2b260d823068f50bfd1a40e53e6edc1eb7c6ad429f06a0f91c569a71
b175b61bc320c71aa0ecd1a17bd41e35eb16ded0dfdce3dc0fd5c7c26b50a63fd8c34f2643b0a285d7a00c1feee1c3417730b2f56b50866fede1dbb5fe28685b
fa3528a6243ddf43d7c25673b85d6d0159327aec8477c360d26ee4ca4b144443115d6a8a254be5a1584bd00bc6270050408a24493db959e1259a43140f112567
9c7827248a21f056286502866b8ddaa4d684ffea13e827ed5174849121ad780113b137a4f87862cec94af6fc07a0d537206f7ffef9cdeb1fdfbcfee9cd575fbd
79fdf77c6eadca923b466964cafdf2dd1ffef3cd6fbd7ffff0ed2f5fff319b7a172f4cfcbbbffdeedd3ffef93ef5b0e2d2146ffff4fdbb1fbf7ffbe7dfffebaf
5f3bb4f7393a33e1339260e13dc297de5396c0021dfcf119bf9ec42c46c494e8a791402952b338f48f656ca11f6d10450edc00db767cce21d5b880f7d72f2cc2
d398af2571687c182716f094313a60dc6985876a2ec3ccb3751ab927e76b13f714a10bd7dc43945a5e1eaf579063894be530c616cd2714a5124538c5d253dfb1
738c1dabfb8210cbaea764ce99604be97d41bc01224e93ccc899154da5d03149c02f1b1741f0b7659bd3e7de8051d7aa47f8c246c2de40d4417e86a965c6fb68
2d51e252394309350d7e8264ec2239ddf0b9891b0b099e8e3065de78818570c93ce6b05ec3e90f21cdb8dd7e4a37898de4929cbb749e20c64ce4889d0f6394ac
5cd829496313fbb938871045de13265df05366ef10f50e7e40e941773f27d872f787b3c133c8b026a53240d4376beef0e57dccacf89d6ee8126157aae9f3c44a
b17d4e9cd131584756689f604cd1255a60ec3dfbdcc160c05696cd4bd20f62c82ac7d815580f901dabea3dc5027a25d5dcece7c91322ac909de2881de073bad9
493c1b9426881fd2fc08bc6eda7c0ca52e7105c0633a3f37818f08f480102f4ea33c16a0c308ee835a9fc4c82a60ea5db8e375c32dff5d658fc1be7c61d1b8c2
be04197c6d1948eca6cc7b6d3343d49aa00c9819822ec3956e41c4727f29a28aab165b3be596f6a62ddd00dd91d5f42424fd6007b4d3fb84ffbbde073a8cb77f
f9c6b10f3e4ebfe3566c25ab6b763a8792c9f14e7f7308b7dbd50c195f904fbfa919a175fa04431dd9cf58b73dcd6d4fe3ffdff73487f6f36d2773a8dfb8ed64
7ce8306e3b99fc70e5e3743265f3027d8d3af0c80e7af4b14f72f0d46749289dca0dc527421ffc08f83db398c0a092d3279eb838055cc5f0a8ca1c4c60e1228e
b48cc799fc0d91f134462b381daafb4a492472d591f0564cc0a1911e76ea5678ba4e4ed9223becacd7d5c16656590592e5782d2cc6e1a04a66e856bb3cc02bd4
6bb6913e68dd1250b2d721614c6693683a48b4b783ca48fa58178ce620a157f65158741d2c3a4afdd6557b2c805ae115f8c1edc1cff49e1f06200242701e07cd
f942f92973f5d6bbda991fd3d3878c69450034d8db08283ddd555c0f2e4fad2e0bb52b78da2261849b4d425b46377822869fc17974aad1abd0b8aeafbba54b2d
7aca147a3e08ad9246bbf33e1637f535c8ede6069a9a9982a6de65cf6f35430899395af5fc251c1ac363b282d811ea3717a211dcbccc25cf36fc4d32cb8a0b39
4222ce0cae934e960d122231f728497abe5a7ee1069aea1ca2b9d51b90103e59725d482b9f1a3970baed64bc5ce2b934dd6e8c284b67af90e1b35ce1fc568bdf
1cac24d91adc3d8d1797de195df3a708422c6cd795011744c0dd413db3e682c0655891c8caf8db294c79da356fa3740c65e388ae62945714339967709dca0b3a
faadb081f196af190c6a98242f8467912ab0a651ad6a5a548d8cc3c1aafb6121653923699635d3ca2aaa6abab39835c3b60cecd8f26645de60b53531e434b3c2
67a97b37e576b7b96ea74f28aa0418bcb09fa3ea5ea12018d4cac92c6a8af17e1a56393b1fb56bc776811fa07695226164fdd656ed8edd8a1ae19c0e066f54f9
416e376a6168b9ed2bb5a5f5adb979b1cdce5e40f2184197bba6526857c2c92e47d0104d754f92a50dd8222f65be35e0c95b73d2f3bfac85fd60d80887955a27
1c57826650ab74c27eb3d20fc3667d1cd66ba341e31514161927f530bbb19fc00506dde4f7f67a7cefee3ed9ded1dc99b3a4caf4dd7c5513d777f7f5c6e1bb7b
8f40d2f9b2d598749bdd41abd26df627956034e854bac3d6a0326a0ddba3c9681876ba9357be77a1c141bf390c5ae34ea5551f0e2b41aba6e877ba9576d068f4
8376bf330efaaff23606569ea58fdc16605ecdebde7f010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000007468656d65
2f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73848f4d0ac2301484f78277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0add40384e4350d36
3f2451eced0dae2c082e8761be9969bb979dc9136332de3168aa1a083ae995719ac16db8ec8e4052164e89d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b284d262452282e
3198720e274a939cd08a54f980ae38a38f56e422a3a641c8bbd048f7757da0f19b017cc524bd62107bd5001996509affb3fd381a89672f1f165dfe514173d985
0528a2c6cce0239baa4c04ca5bbabac4df000000ffff0300504b01022d0014000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c020000130000000000000000000000
0000000000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b00000000000000000000
000000300100005f72656c732f2e72656c73504b01022d00140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000000000000000000000000019020000
7468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100b6f4679893070000c92000001600000000000000
000000000000d60200007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e786d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b01000027000000
000000000000000000009d0a00007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d010000980b00000000}
{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d
617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d6169
6e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363
656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax376\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef0\lsdunhideuseddef0\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 5;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 9;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 header;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footer;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of figures;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope return;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation reference;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 line number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 page number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote text;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of authorities;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 macro;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 toa heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Closing;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Signature;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Message Header;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Salutation;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Date;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Note Heading;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Block Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Hyperlink;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 FollowedHyperlink;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Document Map;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Plain Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 E-mail Signature;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Top of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Bottom of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal (Web);\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Acronym;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Cite;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Code;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Definition;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Keyboard;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Preformatted;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Sample;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Typewriter;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Variable;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Table;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation subject;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 No List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Contemporary;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Elegant;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Professional;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Subtle 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Subtle 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Balloon Text;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Theme;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;
\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;
\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;
\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Revision;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;
\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;
\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;
\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;
\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;
\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;\lsdpriority41 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 1;\lsdpriority42 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 2;\lsdpriority43 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 3;\lsdpriority44 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 4;
\lsdpriority45 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 5;\lsdpriority40 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table Light;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 2;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 3;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 3;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 4;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 4;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 6;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 3;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 3;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 3;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 4;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 4;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Mention;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Smart Hyperlink;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Hashtag;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Unresolved Mention;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Smart Link;}}{\*\datastore 01050000
02000000180000004d73786d6c322e534158584d4c5265616465722e362e3000000000000000000000060000
d0cf11e0a1b11ae1000000000000000000000000000000003e000300feff090006000000000000000000000001000000010000000000000000100000feffffff00000000feffffff0000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
fffffffffffffffffdfffffffeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff52006f006f007400200045006e00740072007900000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000016000500ffffffffffffffffffffffff0c6ad98892f1d411a65f0040963251e500000000000000000000000040a5
6aec8113d701feffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000105000000000000}}