{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Mrs Eaves;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\colortbl ;\red88\green23\blue13;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.18362}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sl336\slmult0\cf1\highlight2\b\f0\fs48\lang9 Find Hazerds\par

\pard\sa160\sl259\slmult0\b0\i\f1\fs23 2nd\~divination\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li-570\sb100\sa120\sl336\slmult0\tx720\b\i0 Casting Time:\~\b0 1 action\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\b Range:\~\b0 100 feet\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\b Components:\~\b0 V S\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\b Duration:\~\b0 Instantaneous\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\b Classes:\~\b0 Cleric, Druid, Ranger\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}You learn the lay out everything within range. You learn of any irregularity in the walls or floors and trip mechanisms, you also learn of any magic in the area, you know the area that the magic affects and what school it belongs to. creatures hidden in the area must make dexterity saving throw, for each creature that fails, you learn of its location and size of the creature.\b\f0\fs48\par

\pard\sl336\slmult0 True Strike\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1\b0\i\f1\fs23 cantrip\~divination\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li-570\sb100\sa120\sl336\slmult0\tx720\b\i0 Casting Time:\~\b0 1 action\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\b Range:\~\b0 60 feet\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\b Components:\~\b0 S\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\b Duration:\~\b0 Up to 1 round\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\b Classes:\~\b0 Bard, Sorcerer, Warlock, Wizard\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}You extend your hand and point a finger at a target in range. Your magic grants you a brief insight into the target\rquote s defenses. On your next turn, when you make your first attack roll against the target. roll the d6 and add the number to the attack.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}At 5th level roll a d8 instead, at 11th level roll a d10, and at 17th level roll a d12.\b\f0\fs48\par

\pard\sl336\slmult0\b0\fs23  \par
\b\fs48 Weird\fs23  \par
9th-level illusion \par
Casting Time:\u8203? \b0 1 action \par
\b Range:\u8203? \b0 120 feet \b\par
Components:\b0\u8203? V, S\b\par
Duration:\u8203? \b0 Concentration, up to 1 minute \par
\b\f1 Classes:\b0\f0  Warlock, Wizard\b\par
\b0 you create a 30-foot-radius sphere of nightmares centered on a point of your choice within range, when the creature enters the area for the first time on a turn or starts its turn there, it takes 4d10 psychic damage and it must make a Wisdom saving throw. On a failed save, a creature drops whatever it is holding, drops concentration on any spells or abilitys, and becomes frightened for the duration. While frightened by this spell, the creature can\rquote t take reactions and must take the Dash action and move away from sphere by the safest available route on each of its turns, unless there is nowhere to move. at the end of each the creautres turn it takes 4d10 psychic damage and the creature can make a Wisdom saving throw. On a successful save, the spell ends for that creature. The creature has disadvantage on the saving throw if it has line of sight of the sphere.\par
\par
Once a creature has successful save agisnt the spell, it can't be effected by the spell again.\par
\par
As a Action on your subsequent turns, you can move the sphere up to 60 feet to point you can see.\par
\par
\fs48 Crown of Madness\par
\b\fs22 2nd-level \b0 enchantment\par
\par
\b Casting Time:\b0  1 action\par
\b Range: \b0 120 feet\par
\b Components:\b0  V, S\par
\b Duration:\b0  Concentration, up to 1 minute\par
\b\f1\fs23 Classes:\b0\f0\fs22  Bard, Sorcerer, Warlock, Wizard\par
\fs23 One creature of your choice that you can see within range must succeed on a Wisdom saving throw or become charmed by you for the duration. While the target is charmed in this way, a twisted crown of jagged iron appears on its head, and a madness glows in its eyes. A creature with an Intelligence score of 4 or less isn\rquote t affected.\par
\par
On each of its turns, the charmed target must move up to it's speed and use its action to make a melee attack against a creature other than itself that you mentally choose. The target can act normally on its turn if you choose no creature. The creature doesn\rquote t move into obviously dangerous ground,\par
\par
On your subsequent turns, you must use your action to maintain control over the target, or the spell ends. Also, the target can make a Wisdom saving throw at the end of each of its turns. On a success, the spell ends.\par
\par
\b\fs48 Flame Blade\par
\b0\fs23 2nd-level Evocation\par
\b Casting Time: \b0 1 Action\par
\b Range: \b0 Self\par
\b Components: \b0 V S M (Leaf of sumac)\par
\b Duration: \b0 Up to 10 minutes\par
\b Classes: \b0 Druid\par
You evoke a fiery blade in your free hand. When you cast the spell, Make two melee spell attacks with the blade against creatures within your reach. On a hit, the target takes fire damage equal to 1d6 + your spellcasting Ability modifier. Until the spell ends, The blade is similar in size and shape to a scimitar, and it lasts for the duration. If you let go of the blade, it disappears, but you can evoke the blade again as a bonus action. you can make the two attacks again on each of your turns as an action. The flaming blade sheds bright light in a 10-foot radius and dim light for an additional 10 feet.\par
\par
\b At Higher Levels\b0 : When you cast this spell using a spell slot of 4th level or higher, you may make one additional attack for every two slot levels above 2nd.\par
\b\fs48\par
\fs23\par
\fs48 Barkskin \par
\b0\fs23 2nd-level transmutation\fs48  \b\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li360\sl336\slmult0\fs23 Casting Time:\u8203? \b0 1 action \par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\b Range:\u8203?\fs48  \b0\fs23 Touch\b  \par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Components:\b0\u8203? V, S, M (a handful of oak bark) \par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\b Duration:\u8203? \b0 1 hour \b\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Classes\b0 : Druid, Ranger\b\par

\pard\sl336\slmult0\b0 You touch a willing creature. Until the spell ends, the target\rquote s skin has a rough, bark-like appearance, the target\rquote s base AC becomes 16. The spell ends if you dismiss the spell as an action. You can use a shield and still gain this benefit.\par
\b\par
\b0\par
\b\fs48 Witch Bolt\fs23\par
\b0 1st-level evocation \par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl336\slmult0\b Casting Time:\u8203? \b0 1 action \b\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Range:\u8203? \b0 40 feet \par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\b Components:\u8203? \b0 V, S, M (a twig from a tree that has been struck by lightning)\b  Duration:\u8203? \b0 up to 1 minute \b\par

\pard\sl336\slmult0  \b0 When you cast this spell and as an action each round for the duration, you can make a ranged spell attack that targets one creature. On a hit, the target takes 1d8 lightning damage, and a sustained arc of lightning forms between you and it. On each of your turns for the duration, you can use an action to automatically deal 1d8 lightning damage to one target with which you have an arc. The arc ends for a target if it is ever outside the spell's range or if it has total cover from you. The spell ends if you use your action to do anything else that is not stated in this spell.\par
\b\par
\b0 At Higher Levels. \u8203? When you cast this spell using a spell slot of 2nd level or higher, the initial damage and automatic damage increase by 1d8 for each slot level above 1st\par
\par
\b\fs48 Ray of Enfeeblement  (B)\par
\fs23 2nd-level \b0 necromancy \b\par
Casting Time:\u8203? \b0 1 action \b\par
Range:\u8203? \b0 60 feet \b\par
Components:\u8203? \b0 V, S Duration:\u8203? Concentration, up to 1 minute \par
\b  \b0 A black beam of enervating energy springs from your finger toward a creature within range. Make a ranged spell attack against the target. On a hit, the target deals only half damage with weapon attacks that use Strength or Dexterity until the spell ends. At the end of each of the target's turns, it can make a Constitution saving throw against the spell. On a success, the spell ends\b .  \par
\par
\fs48 Compelled Duel\fs23\par
1st-level enchantment\par
\par
Casting Time: \b0 1 bonus action\b\par
Range: \b0 30 feet\b\par
Components: \b0 V\b\par
Duration: \b0 up to 1 minute\par
\b\par
\b0 You attempt to compel a creature into a duel. One creature that you can see within range must make a Wisdom saving throw, the creature fails the saving throw automatically if no creatures friendly to you have not damaged the target or casts a harmful spell on it with in the last hour. On a failed save, the creature is drawn to you, compelled by your divine demand. For the duration, it has disadvantage on attack rolls against creatures other than you, and must make a Wisdom saving throw each time it attempts to move to a space that is more than 30 feet away from you; if it succeeds on this saving throw, this spell doesn\rquote t restrict the target\rquote s movement for that turn.\par
\par
The spell ends if you attack any other creature, if you cast a spell that targets a hostile creature other than the target, if a creature friendly to you damages the target or casts a harmful spell on it, or if you end your turn more than 30 feet away from the target.\par
\b\par
Spell Lists. Paladin\par
\b0\par
\b\fs48 Ray of Sickness\fs23\par
\par
1st-level necromancy\par
\par
Casting Time: 1 action\par
Range: 60 feet\par
Components: V, S\par
Duration: Instantaneous\par
\b0 A ray of sickening greenish energy lashes out toward a creature within range. Make a ranged spell attack against the target. On a hit, the target takes 2d12 poison damage and must make a Constitution saving throw. On a failed save, it is also poisoned until the end of your next turn.\b\par
\par
At Higher Levels. \b0 When you cast this spell using a spell slot of 2nd level or higher, the damage increases by 1d12 for each slot level above 1st.\b\par
\par
Spell Lists. Sorcerer, Warlock, Wizard\par
\fs48\par
Friends (B)\par
\b0\fs23 Enchantment cantrip \par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl336\slmult0\b Casting Time:\u8203? \b0 1 action \b\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Range:\u8203? \b0 Self \b\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Components:\u8203? \b0 S\b\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Duration:\u8203? \b0 Concentration, up to 1 minute \b\par

\pard\sl336\slmult0  \b0 For the duration, you have advantage on all Charisma ability checks. \par
Any creature that observes you can attempt a Wisdom (Insight) check against your spell DC. On a success, a creature becomes aware that you are using magic to influence it. The consequences of this are at the DM\rquote s discretion, but most creatures do not take kindly to such magical trickery, and whatever benefit you might have gained from your successful Charisma checks is reversed. \par
\b\fs48\par
\cf0\highlight0\b0\f2\fs22\par
}
 