{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\f0\fs28\lang9 Pink, Blue, and Brimstone Terrors of Change\par
\b0\fs22 Pink Terrors should group together to maximize their Growing Flames trait, slowly advancing towards the enemy as they become wounded. When they split, the Blue and Brimstone Terrors will move into melee range. Even unwounded Pink Terrors should move closer to keep benefitting from Growing Flames, as Blue and Brimstone Terrors will still trigger this ability.\par
\b\fs28 Sour and Bursting Terrors\par
\b0\fs22 Sour Terrors follow the same tactics as Pink and Blue Terrors, but will use Death Rush when they have 26 or fewer hit points, aiming to explode within the largest enemy group. Bursting Terrors will use Death Rush if they can hit two or more targets.\par
\b\fs28 Exalted Pink Terrors of Change\par
\b0\fs22 Exalted Terrors can use the Arcane Mirth ability instead of attacking to empower a more powerful ally, such as an Iridescent Terror, or to reposition enemies away from advantageous spots.\b\fs28\par
Blazing Squealers\par
\b0\fs22 Blazing Squealers can use both Conduit of Infinity and Greater Arcane Mirth to create devastating, high-accuracy attacks. If other Blazing Squealers or stronger demons are present, they will use these abilities to empower the stronger demon. Blazing Squealers will only empower themselves if they have 40 or more hit points, as they likely won\rquote t survive long enough to benefit otherwise.\b\fs28\par
Chromatic and Prismatic Terrors\par
\b0\fs22 With high resistance to elemental damage and the Chromatic Spawning ability, Chromatic and Prismatic Terrors will typically target non-spellcasters, who pose a greater threat.\b\fs28\par
Iridescent Terrors and Heralds of Change\par
\b0\fs22 Iridescent Terrors and Heralds of Change should be accompanied by other Demons of Change to benefit from their Locus ability. They cast spells in the following priority:\par
\b Glean Magic: \b0 Used immediately on the first full caster visible.\par
\b Fireball/Fire Storm:\b0  Cast if two targets with low Dexterity saves can be hit, or if three or more such targets can be hit before Glean Magic.\par
\b Bolt of Change: \b0 Targets creatures with low Charisma saving throws, with weaker minions (e.g., Blue or Brimstone Terrors) using the Help action for advantage, or an Exalted Terror using Arcane Mirth.\par
\b\fs28 Discs of Change\par
\b0\fs22 Discs of Change serve as mounts for spellcasters and use their high mobility to target enemies with high AC, though the disc deals minimal damage with its attacks.\par
\b\fs28 Disk of Immolation\par
\b0\fs22 Discs of immolation do not stay in prolonged combat, only flying in to attack to recharge their searing torment before flying back up.\par
\b\fs28 Screechers of Change\par
\b0\fs22 Screechers will disengage if they can move past three or more targets. They will attack if they can move past ineffective opportunity attacks, targeting creatures with high AC or large size.\b\fs28\par
Deafening Screecher\par
\b0\fs22 Deafening Screechers follow similar tactics but will prioritize flying past melee fighters when disengaging and may save their bite attack for creatures capable of making effective opportunity attacks. They will use Thunder Wave if it can hit three or more targets or use it to help avoid opportunity attacks.\b\fs28\par
Flamers of Change and Exalted Flamers\par
\b0\fs22 Flamers avoid stacking mutations on a single target and instead spread their attacks and spells across multiple enemies. They prioritize using Flame Blast on low-AC targets and cast spells when they can hit three or more targets or two with low Dexterity saves. Exalted Flamers only use Fireball if they can hit one extra target, as it deals less damage than their other spells.\par
\b\fs32 Burning Chariot of Change\par
\b0\fs24 Follow the same tactics as the screechers of change that are the most common creatures to pull them. \b\par
\fs28 Masters of Change\par
\b0\fs22 Masters of Change make decisions with near-perfect knowledge of the enemy's capabilities. They cast the following spells based on situational need:\par
\b\fs28 Firestorm: \b0\fs22 Cast when three or more low-Dexterity targets or four total targets can be hit.\b\fs28\par
Prismatic Spray: \b0\fs22 Same conditions as Firestorm.\b\fs28\par
Firewall: \b0\fs22 Cast when two or more low-Dexterity targets or three total targets can be hit.\b\fs28\par
Fireball: \b0\fs22 Cast when two or more low-Dexterity targets or three total targets are present, and concentration is already used.\b\fs28\par
Dominate Monster: \b0\fs22 Cast when there aren\rquote t enough targets for AoE spells, and concentration is free.\b\fs28\par
Banishment: \b0\fs22 Use if Dominate Monster has already been used.\b\fs28\par
Bolt of Change: \b0\fs24 Cast when AoE options are limited, and concentration is already used. Prioritized over Banishment if it has advantage on the attack roll\b\fs28 .\par
Glean Magic: \b0\fs22 Cast when no AoE spells are viable, and it\rquote s concentrating on another spell.\b\fs28\par
Dispel Magic: \b0\fs22 Cast when a high-level spell prevents it from acting.\par
\b\fs28 Dimension Door: \b0\fs22 Used to escape when wounded (below 50 HP)\b\fs28 .\par
Invisibility: \b0\fs22 Used for ambushes or if unable to teleport to safety.\par
\b\fs28 Reaction: Counterspell\f1\emdash\b0\fs22 Reserved to disrupt enemy spells.\b\fs28\par
\par
Exalted Masters of Change\par
\b0\fs22 Exalted Masters have the following legendary actions:\par
\b Fire: \b0 The strongest option, especially with Warp Flame.\par
\b Light: \b0 Used on targets it plans to attack next turn.\par
\b Beast: \b0 Used when forced into melee and unable to escape.\par
\b Metal and Life: \b0 Pushes or pulls creatures into a Firewall spell.\par
\b Heavens: \b0 Used on spellcasters concentrating on 4th-level or higher spells.\par
\b Shadow: \b0 Targets creatures more than 60 feet away.\par
\b Death: \b0 Targets low-HP creatures for potential knockouts on the next turn.\par
\b\f0\fs32 The Golden Griffin\par
The Golden Griffin has variations on its spells compared to other Masters of Change and uses them strategically:\par
Final Transformation: \b0\fs22 Targeted at spellcasters, preferably those who cannot cast Greater Restoration.\par
\b\fs32 Firestorm: \b0\fs22 Cast when it can hit three or more targets with low Dexterity or four targets overall.\fs32\par
\b Fire Wall: \b0\fs22 Cast when it can hit two or more targets with low Dexterity or three targets overall.\b\fs32\par
Molten Silver: \b0\fs22 Used when it can hit two or more low-Dexterity targets or three targets overall, and the Griffin is already concentrating on the maximum number of spells.\b\fs32\par
Dominate Monster: \b0\fs22 Cast when there aren't enough targets for AoE spells, and the Griffin is not concentrating on the maximum number of spells. It will attempt to hit the creature with its staff before casting this spell.\b\fs32\par
Bolt of Change: \b0\fs22 Cast when AoE spells aren\rquote t effective, and the Griffin is already concentrating on other spells. This spell is prioritized over Banishment if it has advantage on the attack roll.\par
\b\fs32 Plague of Rust: \b0\fs22 Used to target the weapons of martial classes when there aren't enough AoE targets and the Griffin is concentrating on spells.\b\fs32\par
Glean Magic: \b0\fs22 Cast when there are not enough AoE targets, and the Griffin is already concentrating on a spell. Targets for Bolt of Change may also be selected.\b\fs32\par
Dispel Magic: \b0\fs22 Used when a spell is preventing the Griffin from taking its full action.\b\fs32\par
Dimension Door: \b0\fs22 Used to escape when the Griffin is badly wounded (below 50 HP).\b\fs32\par
Invisibility: \b0\fs22 Utilized for ambushing, or when the Griffin cannot teleport away to safety.\b\fs32\par
Legendary Actions\par
\b0\fs22 The Golden Griffin uses its Golden Bolt as frequently as possible.\par
It uses Searing immediately when there are multiple targets covered in gold\b\fs32 .\par
\fs44 The Fate Weaver\par
\b0\fs24 The Fate Weaver's two heads\f1\emdash Right Head and Left Head\emdash have distinct spell selections. The Right Head always acts before the Left Head. The Fate Weaver typically attempts to hit a target with its staff before casting spells.\b\par
Right Head\par
Plague of Rust\b0 : Cast when it can affect three or more magical weapons belonging to martial classes.\par
\b Net of Light\b0 : Cast when it can hit two or more targets with low Dexterity saving throws, setting up future AoE spells by giving disadvantage on Dexterity saves.\par
\b Wall of Thorns\b0 : Used when it can hit three or more creatures and encircle another.\par
\b Storm Sphere\b0 : This spell can be used more generally, and both heads can use the bonus action associated with Storm Sphere.\par
\b Dimensional Warp\b0 : Can be used to extract the Fate Weaver from combat or, preferably, reposition enemies back into dangerous spell areas.\par
\b Left Head\b0\par
\b Pit of Shadows\b0 : Cast when it can hit two or more low-Dexterity targets or disrupt spellcasters concentrating on spells.\par
\b Flame Cage\b0 : Used when it can hit three or more creatures and encircle another.\par
\b Wall of Thorns\b0 : Cast under the same conditions as the Right Head, when it can hit three or more creatures and encircle another.\par
\b Horrifying Laughter\b0 : Targets a creature with a low Wisdom saving throw and within range of two other creatures.\par
\b Both Heads\par
Chromatic Orb\b0 : Used when either head is concentrating on a spell.\par
\b Glean Magic\b0 : Cast when there aren\rquote t enough AoE targets, but concentration is already active, and there is a clear target for Chromatic Orb.\par
\b Dispel Magic\b0 : Cast when a spell is preventing the Fate Weaver from taking its full actions.\par
\b Dimension Door\b0 : Used to escape when the Fate Weaver is badly wounded (below 50 HP).\par
\b Invisibility\b0 : Utilized for ambush tactics or when the Fate Weaver cannot teleport to safety.\par
\b Lair Actions\b0\par
The Fate Weaver's lair utilizes its spells in the same strategic way that the Fate Weaver would, aiding its efforts during battle.\par
\b Epic Encounter\b0\par
During epic encounters, the Fate Weaver maximizes its actions to open portals using Chaos Storm.\f0\par
\par
\par
}
 