{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Open Sans;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Open Sans SemiBold;}{\f3\fnil Calibri;}}
{\colortbl ;\red102\green0\blue0;\red192\green80\blue77;\red0\green255\blue255;\red153\green0\blue0;\red252\green229\blue205;\red0\green0\blue0;\red217\green217\blue217;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}{\*\mmathPr\mdispDef1\mwrapIndent1440 }\viewkind4\uc1\trowd\trgaph100\trrh605\trpaddl100\trpaddr100\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat6\clcbpat5\clbrdrl\brdrw36\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw36\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw16\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw36\brdrs\brdrcf4 \cellx6962 
\pard\intbl\keep\keepn\sl240\slmult1\f0\fs44\lang9 knight\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph100\trrh750\trpaddl100\trpaddr100\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat6\clcbpat5\clbrdrl\brdrw36\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw36\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw16\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw36\brdrs\brdrcf4 \cellx6962 
\pard\intbl\sl276\slmult1\cf1\b\f1\fs20 Armor Class \b0 21 (Plate + Shield + Defense Fighting Style)\par
\b Hit Points \b0 190 (20d8+100)\par
\b Speed \b0 30ft.\cf0\f0\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph56\trrh405\trpaddl56\trpaddr56\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat6\clcbpat5\clbrdrl\brdrw36\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw36\brdrs\brdrcf4\clbrdrb\brdrw36\brdrs\brdrcf4 \cellx1152\clcfpat6\clcbpat5\clbrdrt\brdrw24\brdrs\brdrcf4\clbrdrb\brdrw16\brdrs \cellx2304\clcfpat6\clcbpat5\clbrdrt\brdrw16\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw16\brdrs \cellx3456\clcfpat6\clcbpat5\clbrdrt\brdrw16\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw16\brdrs \cellx4608\clcfpat6\clcbpat5\clbrdrt\brdrw24\brdrs\brdrcf4\clbrdrb\brdrw16\brdrs \cellx5760\clcfpat6\clcbpat5\clbrdrt\brdrw24\brdrs\brdrcf4\clbrdrr\brdrw36\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw16\brdrs \cellx7016 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\qc\cf1\b\f1\fs20 STR\par
\b0 20 (+5)\cf0\f0\fs22\cell\cf1\b\f1\fs20 DEX\par
\b0 12 (+1)\cf0\f0\fs22\cell\cf1\b\f1\fs20 CON\par
\b0 20 (+5)\cf0\f0\fs22\cell\cf1\b\f1\fs20 INT\par
\b0 14 (+2)\cf0\f0\fs22\cell\cf1\b\f1\fs20 WIS\par
\b0 12 (+1)\cf0\f0\fs22\cell\cf1\b\f1\fs20 CHA\par
\b0 20 (+5)\cf0\f0\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph100\trleft15\trrh2085\trpaddl100\trpaddr100\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat6\clcbpat5\clbrdrl\brdrw36\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw36\brdrs\brdrcf4\clbrdrr\brdrw16\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw36\brdrs\brdrcf4 \cellx7057 
\pard\intbl\sl276\slmult1\cf1\b\f1\fs20 Saving Throws \b0 Wis + 7, Cha +11\b\par
Skills\b0  Athletics + 11, Deception + 11, Intimidation + 11, Religion + 11\par
\b Condition Immunities \b0 frightened\par
\b Senses\b0  darkvision 60 ft., passive Perception 11\b\par
Languages - \b0\par
\b Challenge \b0 15  \b Por \b0 + 6\b\par

\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\par
Aura of Isolation\b0 . The ??? gains advantage on a melee\par
attack against creature that has no other allies within 5 of it.\par
\b\par
Legendary Resistance \b0 (3/Day). If the ??? fails a saving throw, it \par
can choose to succeed instead.\par
\b\par
Magic Resistance. \b0 The ??? has advantage on saving \par
throws against spells and other magical effects. \par
\par
\fs28 Bonus Actions\par
\b\fs20\par
Smite. \b0 When the ???  hits a creature with a weapon attack, it \par
can expend a 1st level spell slot to deal 9 (2d8) psychic damage to \par
the target. If the ??? expends a spell slot of 2nd level or higher, \par
the extra psychic damage increases by 1d8 for each level above 1st \par
(maximum 5d8)\par

\pard\intbl\sl276\slmult1\cf0\f0\fs22  \cell\row\trowd\trgaph100\trleft15\trrh200\trpaddl100\trpaddr100\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat6\clcbpat5\clbrdrl\brdrw36\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw36\brdrs\brdrcf7\clbrdrr\brdrw16\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw36\brdrs\brdrcf7 \cellx7057 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\b\-\b0\cell\row\trowd\trgaph28\trleft15\trrh540\trpaddl28\trpaddr28\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat6\clcbpat5\clbrdrl\brdrw36\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw36\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw16\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw36\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx7057 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\cf1\f2\fs28  \fs32 A\fs24 CTIONS\cf0\f0\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph100\trleft15\trrh960\trpaddl100\trpaddr100\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat6\clcbpat5\clbrdrl\brdrw36\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw36\brdrs\brdrcf7\clbrdrr\brdrw16\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw36\brdrs\brdrcf7 \cellx7057 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1  The ??? makes two melee attacks\par
\b\par
Longsword. \b0 Melee Weapon Attack: +11 hit, reach 5 ft., one target. Hit: 9 (1d8 + 5) slashing damage  plus 4 (1d8) psychic damage, or 10 (1d10 + 5) slashing damage plus 4 (1d8) psychic damage if used with two hands .\par
\par
\b\f1\fs20 Spellcasting. \b0 Th e ??? is a Paladin 15th-level spell caster. Its \par
spellcasting ability is Charisma (spell save DC 19, +11 to hit \par
with spell attacks). It has the following spells prepared: \par
\par
1st level (4 slots): Dissonant Whispers, Cause Fear\par
2nd level (3 slots): Phantasmal Force, Mirror Image\par
3rd level (3 slots): Fear, Major Image\par
4th level (3 slots): Phantasmal Killer, Confusion\par
5th level (2 slots): \f0\fs22 Dominate Person\f1\fs20 , \f0\fs22 Synaptic Static \par
\b\f1\fs28 Recation\b0\fs20\par
\par
\b Delirium Hunter.  \b0 when a creature within 120 feet of the ???\par
that it can see or hear fails on saving throw against one of its\par
spells, it may move up to it's movment speed toward that creature. This movement doesn't provoke opportunity attacks,\par
and if it is mounted on a creature, the creature may use its reaction to\par
move instead.\par
\par
\b\f0\fs40 Legendary Actions\b0\fs22\par
??? can take 3 legendary actions, choosing from the options below. Only one legendary action option can be used at a time and only at the end of another creature\rquote s turn. mishipeshu regains spent legendary actions at the start of their turn.\par
\par
\b Wepon attack\b0 , ??? makes a wepon attack.\par
\b\par
Move. \b0 The ??? moves up half its speed without provoking  opportunity attacks.\b\par
\par
Check, \b0 (Costs 2 Actions) The ??? makes a check that would require a action.\par
\par
\b Cast Spell\b0 ,  (Costs 1 to 3 Actions)  ??? cast a spell with a level equal to the number of actions you used.\par
\par
\b Reconstitute, \b0 (Costs 3 Actions) If ??? is suffering from one or more conditions that it will be able to make a save against at the end or start of it's turn or by useing a action, it may immediately make a save against each of thouse conditions, ending each one it success on. it can use this action even when incapacitated.\par
\par
\b\fs40 MYTHIC Actions\b0\fs22\par
Each-uisge  \f1\fs20 mythic trait is active, it can use the options \par
below as legendary actions for 1 hour after using \b\f0\fs22 Shatter madness  \b0\f1\fs20 trait. \par
\b\f0\fs22\par
Isolating Psychosis. \b0 (Costs 1 Actions) \b  \b0 a creature the ??? sees with in 60 feet of it must make a Dc 19 Wisdom saving throw. On a failed save, the creature is unable to see anything farther than 5 feet away from it until the end of of it's next turn.\par
\b\par
Shift \b0 (Costs 2 Actions) \b  \b0 ??? teleports to one of its illusions, seamlessly swapping places with it. \cf2 (??? and all of his illusions flicker leting palyers know this happed)\cf0\cell\row 
\pard\sl276\slmult1\b\par
\fs40 MYTHIC \fs22\par
\par
Shatter madness \b0 (Mythic Trait; Recharges after a Short or Long Rest). \par
If ???? is reduced to 0 hit points or would die, (somthing happens), it regains 190 hit points. \par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 ??? teleports 120  at the same time that it creates 5  illusory copys within 120 feet of were he teleported that last a hour or until the illusio moves more then 120 feet away form ???. The illusion is unaffected by damage. ??? can to move any of the illusions upto 30 feet on it's turn. ??? can cast spells and make attack from the illusion\rquote s space but must use it's own senses. Any damage done by attacks made form the illusion this way is psychic damage. A Dc 19 Intelligence (Investigation) or a 19 Wisdom (insight) check can see that it is a illusion, creature that knows it is a illusion can not be damaged by it and can let other creatures know it's a illusion as well\f1\fs20\par
\b\f0\fs24\lang1033 LAIR ACTIONS \b0\par
On initiative count 20 (losing initiative ties),  \fs22\lang9 ??? \fs24\lang1033 can take one lair action to cause one of the following effects even while \fs22\lang9 incapacitated, it can't use the same effect two rounds in a row:\fs24\lang1033\par
\f3\bullet\f0  \b\fs22\lang9 Each \b0 creature that the ??? is aware of in the layer must make a Dc 19 Wisdom saving throw. On a failed save, the creature is unable to see anything farther than 5 feet away from it until \fs24 initiative count 20 of the next round.\f3\lang1033\par
\bullet\b\f0\fs22\lang9  \b0 A illusion looks like an insane version of  ??? apears in the layer lasts until \fs24 initiative count 20 of the next round\fs22 . The illusion is unaffected by damage. ??? can choose use his movment to move the illusion rahter then him self, ??? can cast spells and make attack from the illusion\rquote s space but must use  it's own senses. Any damage done by attacks made form the illusion this way is psychic damage. A Dc 19 A Dc 19 Intelligence (Investigation) or a 19 Wisdom (insight) check can see that it is a illusion, creaturet that knows it is a illusion can not be damaged by it other creatures know it's a illusion \f1\fs20 as well\f0\fs22\par
\par
}
 