{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Andada;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Open Sans;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Open Sans SemiBold;}}
{\colortbl ;\red102\green0\blue0;\red252\green229\blue205;\red192\green80\blue77;\red0\green255\blue255;\red153\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;\red217\green217\blue217;\red176\green132\blue0;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1\trowd\trgaph100\trrh555\trpaddl100\trpaddr100\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat6\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw36\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw36\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw16\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw36\brdrs\brdrcf5 \cellx8572 
\pard\intbl\keep\keepn\sl240\slmult1\cf1\highlight2\f1\fs36\lang9 Gitrog\par
\b\i\f2\fs18 Huge monstrosity\cf0\highlight0\b0\i0\f0\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph100\trrh735\trpaddl100\trpaddr100\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat6\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw36\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw36\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw16\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw36\brdrs\brdrcf5 \cellx8572 
\pard\intbl\sl276\slmult1\cf1\b\f2\fs20 Armor Class \b0 12\par
\b Hit Points \b0 103 (9d12+45)\par
\b  \b0 Speed 40 ft., swim 25 ft.\cf0\f0\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph56\trrh285\trpaddl56\trpaddr56\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat6\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw36\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw36\brdrs\brdrcf5\clbrdrb\brdrw36\brdrs\brdrcf5 \cellx1152\clcfpat6\clcbpat2\clbrdrt\brdrw24\brdrs\brdrcf5\clbrdrb\brdrw16\brdrs \cellx2304\clcfpat6\clcbpat2\clbrdrt\brdrw16\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw16\brdrs \cellx3456\clcfpat6\clcbpat2\clbrdrt\brdrw16\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw16\brdrs \cellx4608\clcfpat6\clcbpat2\clbrdrt\brdrw24\brdrs\brdrcf5\clbrdrb\brdrw16\brdrs \cellx5760\clcfpat6\clcbpat2\clbrdrt\brdrw24\brdrs\brdrcf5\clbrdrr\brdrw36\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw16\brdrs \cellx6793 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\qc\cf1\b\f2\fs20 STR\par
\b0 20 (+5)\cf0\f0\fs22\cell\cf1\b\f2\fs20 DEX\par
\b0 10 (+0)\cf0\f0\fs22\cell\cf1\b\f2\fs20 CON\par
\b0 20 (+5)\cf0\f0\fs22\cell\cf1\b\f2\fs20 INT\par
\b0 14 (+2)\cf0\f0\fs22\cell\cf1\b\f2\fs20 WIS\par
\b0 16 (+3)\cf0\f0\fs22\cell\cf1\b\f2\fs20 CHA\par
\b0 18 (+4)\cf0\f0\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph100\trrh1065\trpaddl100\trpaddr100\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat6\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw36\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw36\brdrs\brdrcf5\clbrdrr\brdrw16\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw36\brdrs\brdrcf5 \cellx7617 
\pard\intbl\sl276\slmult1\cf1\b\f2\fs20 Saving Throws \b0 Cha +7 Int +5 Wis +6 \b\par
Skills \b0 Persuasion +7 Perception +6, Stealth +3\b\par
Senses\b0 . Darkvision 120 Ft passive Perception 16\par
\b Languages\b0   understands all languages but can't speak telepathy 120ft.. \par
\b Challenge\b0  8 \b Proficiency Bonus \b0 +3\par
\cf0\f0\fs22\par
\b Amphibious. \b0 The Toad can breathe air and water\b\par
\par
Hypnotic Secretion. \b0 A creature that touches the toad must make DC 16 Constitution saving throw at the end of turn or be poisoned for next 12 hours. Every 1 hours that elapse, the target must repeat the saving throw,  The poisone ends on a success. While poisoned in this way, a creature also suffers disadvantage on Intelligence, Wisdom, and Charisma saving throws.\par
\par
\b Hypnotic Gaze\b0 .  When a creature starts its turn within 30 feet of the toad and is able to see the toad's eyes, the toad can magically force it to make a DC 16 Wisdom saving throw Charmed by the toad until the toad dies or until it is on a different plane of existence from the target. a creature can avert its eyes to avoid the saving throw at the start of its turn. Unless surprised, a creature can avert its eyes to avoid the saving throw at the start of its turn. If the creature does so, it can't see the toad until the start of its next turn, when it can avert its eyes again. If the creature looks at the toad in the meantime, it must immediately make the save.\par
\par
The Charmed target is under the toad's control and can't take Reactions, and the toad and the target can communicate telepathically with each other over any distance. Whenever the charmed target takes 15 or more damage, the target can repeat the saving throw. On a success, the effect ends., the target can also repeat the saving throw when it is at least 1 mile away from the toad. No more than once every 24 hours. A target that successfully saves is immune to this Gaze for the next hour.\cell\row\trowd\trgaph100\trrh236\trpaddl100\trpaddr100\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat6\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw36\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw36\brdrs\brdrcf7\clbrdrr\brdrw16\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw36\brdrs\brdrcf7 \cellx7617 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\b\-\b0\cell\row\trowd\trgaph28\trrh360\trpaddl28\trpaddr28\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat6\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw36\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw36\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw16\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw36\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx7617 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\cf1\f3\fs28  \fs32 A\fs24 CTIONS\cf0\f0\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph100\trrh200\trpaddl100\trpaddr100\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat6\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw36\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw36\brdrs\brdrcf7\clbrdrr\brdrw16\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw36\brdrs\brdrcf7 \cellx7617 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\par
Multiattack. The Toad can use it's Bite or Swallow attack and use it Mental Croak  ability\b\par
\par

\pard\intbl\itap2\sl240\slmult1\b0\par
\b Bite. \b0 Melee Weapon Attack: +8 to hit, reach 15 ft., one target. Hit: 16 (2d10 + 5) bulging damage, If the target is a huge or smaller creature, it is pull up to the creature and is grappled (escape DC 16). Until this grapple ends, the target is restrained, and the toad can't bite another target.\par
\par
\b Swallow. \b0 The toad makes one bite attack against a large or smaller target it is grappling. If the attack hits, the target is swallowed, and the grapple ends. The swallowed target is blinded and restrained, it has total cover against attacks and other effects outside the toad, and it takes 17 (5d6) acid damage at the start of each of the toad's turns. The toad can have only one large creature swallowed at a time and or up to four Medium or smaller creatures. If the toad dies, a swallowed creature is no longer restrained by it and can escape from the corpse using 5 feet of movement, exiting prone.\nestcell{\*\nesttableprops\trowd\trgaph100\trrh200\trpaddl100\trpaddr100\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat6\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw36\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw36\brdrs\brdrcf7\clbrdrr\brdrw16\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw36\brdrs\brdrcf7 \cellx7617\nestrow}{\nonesttables\par}

\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\cf3\b\fs36 Reactions\cf0\fs22\par
Redirect Attack\b0 . When a creature the toad can see targets it with an attack, the toad chooses another creature charmed by it within 5 feet of it. The two swap places, and the chosen creatrue becomes the target instead\par
\par
\b Mental Croak \b0  A creature with in 120 feet that the toad that it can hear or see must succeed on a DC 16 Wisdom saving throw or take 7 (2d6) psychic damage and immediately look at the toad.\cell\trowd\trgaph100\trrh200\clcfpat6\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw36\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw36\brdrs\brdrcf7\clbrdrr\brdrw16\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw36\brdrs\brdrcf7 \cellx7617\row\trowd\trgaph100\trrh230\trpaddl100\trpaddr100\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat6\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw36\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw36\brdrs\brdrcf8\clbrdrr\brdrw16\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw36\brdrs\brdrcf8 \cellx7617 
\pard\intbl\itap2\sl240\slmult1\cf3\b\fs36 Legendary Actions\par
\par
\cf0\b0\fs22 The \cf3 warlock \cf0 can take 3 legendary actions, choosing from the options below. Only one legendary action option can be used at a time and only at the end of another creature's turn. The stallion regains spent legendary actions at the start of its turn.\par
\par
\b Bite\b0 .  The toad\cf3  \cf0  makes a bite\b  \b0 attack.\par
\par
\b Move. \b0 The toad moves up to half its speed without provoking attacks of opportunity.\par
\par
\b Check\b0 . (Costs 2 Actions) \b\f2\fs20  \b0\f0\fs22  The toad makes a skill check that would normally require an action.\par
\par
\b Obey. \b0 (Costs 2 Actions) \b\f2\fs20  \b0\f0\fs22  A creature  charmed by the toad moves up to half its speed  and makes a single wepon attack agsint a creature of the toads chooseing\par
\par
\b Behold. \b0 (Costs 3 Actions) \b\f2\fs20  \b0\f0\fs22 Toad use it's Mental Croak  on each creautre with in 60 feet of it that it can hear or see. \par
\par

\pard\intbl\itap2\sl276\slmult1\b Reconstitute\b0  (Costs 3 Actions). If the toad is suffering from one or more conditions that require it to make a saving throw to end, it may immediately make a save against each condition. A successful save for any of the throws will end the condition immediately. The only saving throws that this action can be used for are saves that are made at the end/start of its next turn or using its action. It can use this action while incapacitated.\nestcell{\*\nesttableprops\trowd\trgaph100\trrh200\trpaddl100\trpaddr100\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat6\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw36\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw36\brdrs\brdrcf8\clbrdrr\brdrw16\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw36\brdrs\brdrcf8 \cellx6882\nestrow}{\nonesttables\par}

\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\cell\trowd\trgaph100\trrh230\clcfpat6\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw36\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw36\brdrs\brdrcf8\clbrdrr\brdrw16\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw36\brdrs\brdrcf8 \cellx7617\row 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
}
 