{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Andada;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Open Sans;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Open Sans SemiBold;}}
{\colortbl ;\red102\green0\blue0;\red252\green229\blue205;\red0\green255\blue255;\red153\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;\red217\green217\blue217;\red176\green132\blue0;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}{\*\mmathPr\mdispDef1\mwrapIndent1440 }\viewkind4\uc1\trowd\trgaph100\trrh570\trpaddl100\trpaddr100\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat5\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw36\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw36\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw16\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw36\brdrs\brdrcf4 \cellx6917 
\pard\intbl\keep\keepn\sl240\slmult1\cf1\highlight2\f1\fs36\lang9 Nalusa Falaya\par
\b\i\f2\fs18 Medium Aberration  , neutral evil\cf0\highlight0\b0\i0\f0\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph100\trrh735\trpaddl100\trpaddr100\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat5\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw36\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw36\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw16\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw36\brdrs\brdrcf4 \cellx6917 
\pard\intbl\sl276\slmult1\cf1\b\f2\fs20 Armor Class \b0 16 (natural armor)\par
\b Hit Points \b0 104 (16d8+32)\par
\b Speed \b0  40 ft.  swim 30 ft. climb 30 ft.\cf0\f0\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph56\trrh420\trpaddl56\trpaddr56\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat5\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw36\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw36\brdrs\brdrcf4\clbrdrb\brdrw36\brdrs\brdrcf4 \cellx1152\clcfpat5\clcbpat2\clbrdrt\brdrw24\brdrs\brdrcf4\clbrdrb\brdrw16\brdrs \cellx2304\clcfpat5\clcbpat2\clbrdrt\brdrw16\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw16\brdrs \cellx3456\clcfpat5\clcbpat2\clbrdrt\brdrw16\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw16\brdrs \cellx4608\clcfpat5\clcbpat2\clbrdrt\brdrw24\brdrs\brdrcf4\clbrdrb\brdrw16\brdrs \cellx5760\clcfpat5\clcbpat2\clbrdrt\brdrw24\brdrs\brdrcf4\clbrdrr\brdrw36\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw16\brdrs \cellx6929 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\qc\cf1\b\f2\fs20 STR\par
\b0 15 (+2)\cf0\f0\fs22\cell\cf1\b\f2\fs20 DEX\par
\b0  16 (+3) \cf0\f0\fs22\cell\cf1\b\f2\fs20 CON\par
\b0 14 (+2) \cf0\f0\fs22\cell\cf1\b\f2\fs20 INT\par
\b0  12 (+1) \cf0\f0\fs22\cell\cf1\b\f2\fs20 WIS\par
\b0 16 (+3)\cf0\f0\fs22\cell\cf1\b\f2\fs20 CHA\par
\b0  14 (+2) \cf0\f0\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph100\trrh9375\trpaddl100\trpaddr100\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat5\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw36\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw36\brdrs\brdrcf4\clbrdrr\brdrw16\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw36\brdrs\brdrcf4 \cellx6929 
\pard\intbl\sl276\slmult1\cf1\b\f2\fs20 Saving Throws - \b0 Dex +6, Int +4\b\par
Damage Resistances - \b0 Resistances to all damage type expect for fire and radiant while in \cf0\f0\fs22 dim light  or \f2\fs20 darkness.\cf1\b\par
Skills - \b0 Perception +6, Stealth + 6, Survival + 6 athletics + 5\par
\b Senses  \b0 darkvision 120 ft Perception 16 \par
\b Challenge \b0 7 (200 XP)                                   \b Proficiency Bonus\b0 : +3\par
\cf0\f0\fs22\par
\b Glow in the Dark\b0 . While in darkness the only the Nalusa Falay Heart can bee seen, the heart sheds 15  feet of dim light which does not reveal the Nalusa Falay.\par
\par
\b Gaze of Fear \b0 If a creature starts its turn within 60 ft. of the Nalusa Falay  and the two of them can see each other, the Nalusa Falay can force the creature to make a DC 14 Wisdom saving throw. On a failed save,  the creature is frightened for of the Nalusa until it can't see nalusa. While frightened, the creature's speed is 0, and it can't benefit from any bonus to its speed and must stare at the Nalusa Falay. if fails the saving throw by 5 or more, it is paralyzed until the frightened ends. A creature that isn't surprised can avert its eyes to avoid the saving throw at the start of its turn. If it does so, it can't see the Nalusa until the start of its next turn, when it can avert its eyes again. If it looks at the Nalusa in the meantime, it must immediately make the save.\par
\par
\b\-Slither. \b0 The Nalusa Falay  can move through a space as narrow as 1 feet wide without squeezing.\par
\par
\b Sunlight Weakness\b0 . While in bright light created by sunlight, the Nalusa Falay has disadvantage on attack rolls, ability checks, and saving throws.\par
\par
\b Dark Thorn\b0 , If the Nalusa Falay hits creature with a claw attack or use an action to touch a incapacitated creature in plants a thorn into the creature. Until a creature takes an action to pull out the thorn, the target must make DC 14 charisma saving throw at the end of it's turn, if the creature fails if it is cursed. \par

\pard\intbl\itap2\sl240\slmult1\cf1\f3\fs28  \fs32 Bonus Action\par
\par
\cf0\b\f0\fs22 Putout (Recharges after a Short or Long Rest) \b0 Nalusa Falay extinguish all nonmagical flames and dispelled any lights created by a spell of 2nd level or lowerl with in a 120 feet of it.\nestcell{\*\nesttableprops\trowd\trgaph28\trrh456\trpaddl28\trpaddr28\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat5\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw36\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw36\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw16\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw36\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx6929\nestrow}{\nonesttables\par}

\pard\intbl\sl276\slmult1\cell\trowd\trgaph100\trrh9375\clcfpat5\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw36\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw36\brdrs\brdrcf4\clbrdrr\brdrw16\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw36\brdrs\brdrcf4 \cellx6929\row\trowd\trgaph100\trrh455\trpaddl100\trpaddr100\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat5\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw36\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw36\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrr\brdrw16\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw36\brdrs\brdrcf6 \cellx6929 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\b\-\b0\cell\row\trowd\trgaph28\trrh456\trpaddl28\trpaddr28\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat5\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw36\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw36\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw16\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw36\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx6929 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\cf1\f3\fs28  \fs32 A\fs24 CTIONS\cf0\f0\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph100\trrh275\trpaddl100\trpaddr100\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat5\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw36\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw36\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrr\brdrw16\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw36\brdrs\brdrcf6 \cellx6929 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\b Multiattack. \b0 The Nalusa Falay makes two attacks, one with it's Bite or Constrict and one with it's claw.\b\par
\par
Bite. \b0 Melee Weapon Attack: +6 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. Hit: 12 (2d8 + 3) piercing damage.  If the target is a Medium or smaller creature it is grappled (escape DC 14) and must succeed on a DC 14 Strength saving throw or be knocked prone. and the Nalusa Falay can't bite another target for as long as it is grappled. \par
\par
\b Constrict. Melee Weapon Attack: +6 \b0 to hit agasit a creature it has grapled, reach 5 ft., one creature. Hit: 16 (3d8 + 3) bludgeoning damage. Until the grapple ends, the creature is restrained (escape DC 14) and the creature must look at the Nalusa Falay. the Nalusa Falay  can't constrict another target until the grapple ends. \par
\par
\b Claw. \b0 Melee Weapon Attack: +6 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. Hit: 13 (2d6 + 3) piercing damage.\par
\par
\par
\cell\row\trowd\trgaph100\trrh200\trpaddl100\trpaddr100\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat5\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw36\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw36\brdrs\brdrcf7\clbrdrr\brdrw16\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw36\brdrs\brdrcf7 \cellx6929 
\pard\intbl\sl276\slmult1\cell\row 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
\trowd\trgaph28\trrh486\trpaddl28\trpaddr28\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat5\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw36\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw36\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw16\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw36\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx6929 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\cf1\f3\fs32 Curse of the \highlight2\f1 Nalusa Falaya\cf0\highlight0\f0\cell\row\trowd\trgaph100\trrh275\trpaddl100\trpaddr100\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat5\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw36\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw36\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrr\brdrw16\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw36\brdrs\brdrcf6 \cellx6929 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\b\fs22 Whenever the creature rolls a 20 on attack roll, the creature goes into a frenzy,  while in the frenzy, On each of its turns, the cursed creature must move up to it's speed and use its action to make a melee attack against nearest creature other than itself. if one or more creatures are same distanct form the creature it choose one at random. each time the creautre hits with a attack or takes damage, it makes \b0 DC 14 Wisdom saving throw  to end the \b frenzy\b0\par
\cell\row\trowd\trgaph100\trrh200\trpaddl100\trpaddr100\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat5\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw36\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw36\brdrs\brdrcf7\clbrdrr\brdrw16\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw36\brdrs\brdrcf7 \cellx6929 
\pard\intbl\sl276\slmult1\cell\row 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
}
 